Starting from the fishing village of Puerto Morelos and rolling down to the biosphere reserve of Sian Ka'an, the Riviera Maya covers an impressive stretch of Caribbean coastline. It’s a jumping-off point for popular spots like Cancun, Tulum, Isla Mujeres, and Holbox Island—so no matter what you’re looking for, there’s a beach for every vibe. There’s plenty of sacred ruins and deep blue cenotes to explore, plus, the area’s diving and snorkelling are next-level, especially at Xcaret and the Puerto Morelos reef. Party people find that New Year’s Eve is just the opening act for a whole season of action—including February’s Carnival season, with parades and elaborate costumes that are always a draw. But there’s plenty for families too, like water parks, zoos, and beaches perfect for sand castle building.,valid
This tiny island city-state is a study of fusions and contrasts bursting with wonders waiting to be explored. Tranquil parks abut futuristic skyscrapers and luxe shopping centres. A thriving street food scene and world-class restaurants offer countless ways to taste and sip your way through Singapore’s culinary melting pot. Your first trip to Singapore will prove that sometimes the best things come in small packages.,valid
Completed in 1889, this colossal landmark, although initially hated by many Parisians, is now a famous symbol of French civic pride.,valid
Malaysia is a beautifully complex vacation destination, a land where ancient rainforests give way to multicultural city life. Capital city Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, while in charming Melaka the vibe is more quaint and historical. Many of the country’s national parks offer opportunities for fantastic whitewater rafting, and the exclusive Sipadan dive site (off the east coast of Borneo) is among the best in the world.,valid
No island has enchanted travellers quite like Bali. Less than half the size of Hawaii’s big island, Bali manages to pack countless adventures into one small package. Dazzling beaches beckon the sun seekers and surfers along the island’s southwest coast, while ancient temples and a thriving wellness scene draw travellers inland to Ubud. It’s the kind of place where hedonists, relaxation-seekers, and ecotourists can all find something to enjoy, from wild nightclubs in Seminyak and Kuta to luxury clifftop hotels in Nusa Dua to the pristine jungles and volcanic landscapes of the island’s north.,valid
Thailand is a country of many contrasting facets, with glorious beaches as well as forests, jungles and mountains. Whether you want to swim, sunbathe or explore the wildlife, a family holiday in Thailand will never be dull.If you're looking for seaside relaxation, visit the beaches and bay of Hat Karon in Phuket with sand dunes and palm trees. The island of Ko Tao has coral reefs and is the place to go if you want to learn to dive, but you can also go mountain biking or just sunbathe on the beach. The Royal Barge National Museum in Bangkok houses several barges built for Thailand's kings; the beautifully detailed carving is quite breathtaking. Doi Suthep-Doi Pui National Park in Chiang Mai has a wealth of flowering plants and ferns as well as three hundred species of birds. If you're in the mood for a quiet spot, try the town of Sangkhlaburi; from there you can set off on an elephant trek or jungle tour. For mountains and forests, visit the north-western province of Mai Hong Son.,valid
The jungles and monsoon forests of Vietnam are diverse ecosystems that are alive with unique wildlife. Trekking is a popular activity here, particularly the mountains of Sapa and the primeval landscape of Cuc Phuong National Park. For a more urban escape, take a guided food tour of Ho Chi Minh City, making sure to squeeze in visits to the historic Hoi Truong Thong Nhat palace and the intricately adorned Emperor Jade Pagoda.,valid
Set your own pace by cycling through Khmer ruins at Angkor Wat or pedaling the banks of the mighty Mekong. Trek off the beaten path on eco-adventures through the Cardamom Mountains, southern tropical islands or crater lakes of the remote northeast. Add urban adventure and hire a "motodop" taxi in Siem Reap.,valid
Learn more about Lincoln Center’s iconic landmarks—including the Revson Fountain, the newly transformed Alice Tully Hall, and the Metropolitan Opera House!Go behind the scenes at venues where a spectacular range of artists have performed, including Luciano Pavarotti, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Leonard Bernstein, Renée Fleming, and Bruce Springsteen.Each tour is unique, and you never know what might happen. You might sit in on a rehearsal, walk out onto a stage, or meet a star!Whether you’re just visiting New York City and want a glimpse of performing arts history, or you’re a Lincoln Center regular who wants to see your favorite venues from a new perspective, a guided tour will bring you closer to the world’s premier performing arts center.,valid
From the fairy-tale castles and medieval villages of Bavaria to the Rhine Valley's UNESCO-listed landscapes and the storied monuments of Berlin, Germany has many faces. Steeped in history, cities like Cologne, Frankfurt, and Hamburg are also among the coolest cultural hubs in Europe.,valid
Australia is as varied as it is enormous-- it is home to thriving cities, vast wilderness, and earnest, friendly people. Sydney is for sophisticates, with its famous opera house and annual Sculpture By the Sea outdoor art exhibits. Port Douglas makes a great base for snorkeling or diving the Great Barrier Reef, and quaint lighthouses keep vigil along the beaches of Byron Bay. Melbourne is a hub of rousing cricket activity, and the limestone pillars of the Pinnacles Desert are a natural wonder.,valid
In the Land of the Rising Sun, ancient temples sit alongside neon wonderlands and shinto shrines offer pockets of peace amid metropolises. Add tea ceremonies, snow monkeys, sushi, kimonos, and karaoke to the mix, and you’ve got one of the world’s most fascinating countries.,valid
The building facade of Trinity College is among many constructed since the foundation of the College on March 13th, 1592. The design is attributed to Theodore Jacobsen, a London-based amateur architect, with the collaboration of Henry Keene and John Sanderson.,valid
Founded in 1209, nearly a century after Oxford University was established, the university was formally incorporated in 1571 and was patterned after those of Oxford and Paris with a traditional course of study based on Latin grammar, rhetoric and logic, arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy.,valid
Come to the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology at the University of Cambridge to see world-class collections of art and artefacts from all over the world. Objects ranging from stone tools and pots to sculptures and paintings represent cultures and histories over millennia. Great recent and contemporary works reflect the diversity of peoples worldwide, and the resilience of indigenous cultures confronted by globalisation,valid
Founded in 1636, Harvard is America's oldest institute of higher learning and one of the country's most prestigious universities.  Among the illustrious alumni are civil rights leader W.E.B. Du Bois, philosopher Henry David Thoreau, writer Gertrude Stein, composer Leonard Bernstein, cellist Yo Yo Ma and seven U.S. presidents.,valid
Welcome to Tokyo DisneySea, where imagination and adventure set sail! This is the world’s one-and-only Disney theme park themed to the sea. In just 15 minutes by train from Tokyo Station, you’ll find yourself transported into a completely different realm, featuring diverse attractions filled with a sense of adventure, discovery, and wonder. You can also enjoy entertainment that will captivate your imagination, and delight in relaxing meals paired with alcoholic beverages. This is one of the world’s largest theme park that will bring joy to everyone, both children and adults alike.,valid
Tokyo Disneyland—the Kingdom of Dreams and Magic. This is one of the world’s largest theme park with great access from central Tokyo, located only 15 minutes away by train from Tokyo Station. You’ll find numerous exciting attractions that will sweep you away into the world of the Disney films, enthralling entertainment that will take your breath away, adorable food and merchandise themed to the Disney Characters, and so much more. Don’t miss this opportunity to spend an amazing day at a Disney theme park that you won’t find anywhere else!,valid
There’s nowhere in the world like Barcelona. From days spent strolling the Gothic Quarter to afternoons at the beach and nights partying ‘til dawn, the city is magnetic. While tapas and bustling mercados are worth every bit of attention they get in guidebooks, Barcelona’s true crown jewel is the work of Antoni Gaudí. His iconic creations, like the jaw-dropping Basilica of La Sagrada Familia, are instantly recognisable and have fuelled millions of travel dreams. You won’t be the only tourist here (especially during the summer), but even amid the crowds you’ll find your own Mediterranean magic any time of year.,valid
MIT is one of the world's leading universities, located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The campus is known for its stunning architecture and cutting-edge research facilities. MIT is especially renowned for its engineering, computer science, and physics programs. Visiting the campus, you'll have the opportunity to see a number of notable buildings, including the Great Dome and the Stata Center.,valid
Saint Peter's Basilica is a stunning example of Renaissance architecture and is one of the largest churches in the world. It is located in the Vatican City and is the Pope's official place of worship. The basilica is known for its magnificent dome, beautiful sculptures, and numerous works of art, including the Pieta by Michelangelo. A visit to Saint Peter's Basilica is a must-see for anyone interested in art, religion, or history.,valid
The White House is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States. It is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C. The White House is a magnificent example of neoclassical architecture and is known for its iconic columns, porticos, and domes. Visitors to the White House can take a guided tour of the building, which includes the East Room, the State Dining Room, and the Lincoln Bedroom, among other historic locations.,valid
The Komodo Islands are a group of islands located in Indonesia and are home to the famous Komodo dragons, the largest living species of lizard on Earth. The islands are also a popular destination for divers, as the surrounding waters are rich in marine life and offer some of the most breathtaking underwater scenery in the world. Visitors to the Komodo Islands can take guided tours to see the Komodo dragons, go diving or snorkeling, or explore the pristine beaches and lush tropical forests that cover the islands.,valid
Universal Studios Orlando is a theme park located in Orlando, Florida and is one of the largest and most popular theme parks in the world. It features a number of exciting attractions, including movie-themed rides and shows, live performances, and a variety of dining options. Universal Studios Orlando is a must-visit destination for families and thrill-seekers alike, offering a wide range of experiences for visitors of all ages.,valid
Welcome to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry! This magical institution located in Scotland is the perfect place for young witches and wizards to learn the ways of magic. The grand castle is home to several houses, including Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Students can expect to learn a wide range of spells, potions, and magical creatures during their time at Hogwarts.,valid
Come visit the stunning island of Avalonia, a hidden gem in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. With crystal clear waters and white sand beaches, Avalonia is the perfect spot for a relaxing tropical vacation. Take a stroll through the lush rainforests or snorkel in the coral reefs to see the vibrant marine life. Be sure to try the local cuisine, which includes fresh seafood and exotic fruits.,valid
If you're looking for a school that blends the academic with the artistic, look no further than the Juilliard School in New York City. This prestigious institution offers top-notch programs in music, dance, and drama. Students will have access to state-of-the-art facilities, world-renowned faculty, and countless performance opportunities in the city that never sleeps.,valid
The Kingdom of Eldorado is a land of ancient ruins and natural wonders. Located in South America, this country boasts stunning mountain ranges, vast jungles, and archeological sites of the Inca and Aztec empires. Visitors can explore the intricate underground caves, take a dip in the crystal clear lakes, and marvel at the breathtaking architecture of ancient temples.,valid
Are you passionate about marine life? Then the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego, California is the place for you. This leading institution offers programs in oceanography, marine biology, and marine geology. Students will have access to world-class research facilities, advanced equipment, and opportunities to work with leading scientists in the field.,valid
The City of Celestia is a vibrant metropolis located in the heart of Europe. With a rich cultural heritage and stunning architecture, Celestia is a must-see destination for art lovers and history buffs alike. Visit the city's numerous museums and galleries, explore the medieval castles and cathedrals, and take a leisurely stroll through the picturesque old town.,valid
For those who dream of making their mark in the fashion industry, the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City is the place to be. This world-renowned institution offers programs in fashion design, merchandising, and marketing. Students will have access to state-of-the-art design studios, workshops, and industry connections that will help launch their careers.,valid
The Island of Sirenia is a tropical paradise located in the Caribbean Sea. With its turquoise waters, sandy beaches, and lush rainforests, Sirenia is the perfect spot for a relaxing getaway. Take a dip in the warm waters, hike through the stunning natural scenery, and try the local delicacies such as fresh seafood and exotic fruits.,valid
If you have a passion for technology, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston is the school for you. This world-renowned institution offers programs in engineering, computer science, and entrepreneurship. Students will have access to cutting-edge labs, research facilities, and renowned faculty members who are leaders in their respective fields.,valid
The Land of Valhalla is a rugged country in Northern Europe that is rich in Viking heritage. Visitors can explore the ancient ruins of Viking settlements, take a cruise through the fjords, and hike through the stunning national parks. Be sure to try the local cuisine, which includes hearty stews and freshly caught seafood. You can also enjoy a variety of outdoor activities, such as skiing and snowboarding during the winter months or kayaking and fishing during the summer months. Don't forget to experience the vibrant cultural festivals that celebrate the Viking heritage and folklore of the region.,valid
Welcome to the National Museum of History and Culture! Located in the heart of the city, this museum houses artifacts and exhibits that trace the history of our country from prehistoric times to the present day. Visitors can see the evolution of culture and society through various displays, from the first tools used by our ancient ancestors to the latest technological advancements.,valid
The National Museum of Fine Arts is a treasure trove of art and creativity. Here, you'll find works by some of the most famous painters and sculptors in the world, as well as contemporary art exhibits that showcase the latest trends in the field. Be sure to take a guided tour to fully appreciate the beauty and significance of these timeless works.,valid
The National Museum of Science and Technology is an interactive and immersive experience that takes visitors on a journey through the world of science and technology. From hands-on experiments to awe-inspiring exhibits, this museum is perfect for both kids and adults who are curious about the mysteries of the universe and the latest scientific discoveries.,valid
The National Museum of Natural History is a fascinating exploration of the natural world. From dinosaur fossils to live animals, this museum has something for everyone who loves nature and wants to learn more about the world around them. Take a guided tour or explore on your own to fully appreciate the beauty and diversity of life on Earth.,valid
The National Museum of Artifacts and Antiquities is a unique and one-of-a-kind museum that takes visitors on a journey through the history of our civilization. With displays of ancient artifacts and archaeological finds, you'll be transported back in time to the very beginnings of human existence.,valid
The Olympic Sports Center is a state-of-the-art facility that offers a wide range of sports and activities. From swimming and diving to basketball and soccer, this center has everything you need to stay active and fit. With expert coaches and top-notch equipment, you'll be sure to take your skills to the next level.,valid
The Sports Arena is a hub of activity and excitement, with a wide range of sports and happening all year round. From basketball and volleyball to boxing and martial arts, this center is perfect for anyone looking to challenge themselves and have fun at the same time.,valid
The Fitness Center is a great place to get in shape and stay healthy. With top-of-the-line equipment and expert trainers, you can be sure to get the most out of your workout. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced athlete, this center has everything you need to achieve your fitness goals.,valid
The Tennis Center is a perfect place for tennis lovers to practice and play. With top-quality courts and professional coaches, you can work on your game and take your skills to the next level. Whether you're a beginner or an advanced player, this center has everything you need to succeed on the court.,valid
The Skate Park is a haven for skateboarders and BMX riders. With ramps, rails, and other obstacles, this park is perfect for anyone looking to push their limits and try new tricks. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced rider, this park has everything you need to enjoy your sport to the fullest.,valid
Welcome to the planet of Xon! With its beautiful blue oceans, lush forests, and snow-capped mountains, this planet is a true wonder of the universe. From its unique wildlife to its ancient ruins, there's always something new to discover on Xon.,valid
The Desert Planet of Zor is a harsh and unforgiving place, but it's also home to some of the most resilient and resourceful beings in the galaxy. With its vast deserts, towering sand dunes, and unique wildlife, Zor is a place of extreme beauty and danger.,valid
The Water Planet of Aquaria is a world of endless oceans, towering waves, and vibrant marine life. From the colorful coral reefs to the deep sea trenches, there's always something new to explore on this beautiful and mysterious planet.,valid
The Ice Planet of Hoth is a frozen wasteland, but it's also home to some of the most stunning and awe-inspiring landscapes in the galaxy. From its icy caverns to its snow-covered mountains, Hoth is a place of extreme beauty and danger.,valid
The Jungle Planet of Tropica is a lush and vibrant world, full of exotic plants and animals. With its towering trees, winding rivers, and hidden temples, Tropica is a place of adventure and discovery.,valid
The Fantasy Land section of the park is a place of wonder and imagination, with rides and attractions inspired by your favorite fairy tales and legends. From enchanted castles to magical forests, Fantasy Land is a place of pure joy and excitement.,valid
The Thrill Zone is a section of the park designed for the most daring and adventurous visitors. With its gravity-defying rides and extreme attractions, the Thrill Zone is not for the faint of heart.,valid
The Water World section of the park is a perfect place to cool off on a hot day. With its lazy rivers, wave pools, and towering water slides, Water World is a place of fun and relaxation for visitors of all ages.,valid
The Kid's Corner is a special section of the park designed just for the youngest visitors. With its gentle rides, fun games, and colorful playgrounds, Kid's Corner is a place where kids can let their imaginations run wild and have a blast.,valid
Welcome to the prestigious Hamilton School of Science and Technology! With its state-of-the-art facilities and expert faculty, Hamilton is the perfect place for ambitious students to pursue their dreams.,valid
The Art Institute of Elmwood is a place of creativity and inspiration, where young artists can hone their skills and express their unique vision. With its innovative curriculum and experienced instructors, Elmwood is a perfect destination for budding artists.,valid
The Brookfield Academy is a place of intellectual curiosity and rigorous study, where students can explore a wide range of subjects and prepare themselves for success in the real world. With its top-notch faculty and challenging curriculum, Brookfield is the perfect place to learn and grow.,valid
The Sports Academy of Hillcrest is a place of athletic excellence, where young athletes can train and compete at the highest levels. With its top-tier facilities and experienced coaches, Hillcrest is the perfect destination for students who want to take their game to the next level.,valid
The Music Conservatory of Crescent Heights is a place of musical innovation and excellence, where talented musicians can refine their skills and express their creativity. With its world-class faculty and state-of-the-art facilities, Crescent Heights is the perfect place for aspiring musicians.,valid
Welcome to Adventureland Outbound Center, your one-stop destination for thrilling outdoor activities and exciting adventures. With its experienced guides and top-of-the-line equipment, Adventureland is the perfect place to explore the great outdoors.,valid
The Wilderness Institute is a place of natural wonder and exploration, where visitors can discover the secrets of the wilderness and learn to live in harmony with nature. With its skilled instructors and hands-on activities, the Wilderness Institute is the perfect destination for outdoor enthusiasts.,valid
The Eco-Tourism Center is a place of environmental education and sustainable living, where visitors can learn about the importance of conservation and discover the beauty of the natural world. With its green facilities and expert guides, the Eco-Tourism Center is the perfect place for eco-conscious travelers.,valid
The Survival School is a place of survival skills and adventure, where visitors can learn to navigate the wilderness and overcome the challenges of the great outdoors. With its expert instructors and immersive programs, the Survival School is the perfect destination for adventurers and survivalists.,valid
The Extreme Sports Center is a place of adrenaline-fueled excitement, where visitors can test their limits and push themselves to new heights. With its extreme activities and high-octane thrills, the Extreme Sports Center is the perfect destination for thrill-seekers.,valid
The Dojo of the Dragon is a place of martial arts excellence, where visitors can learn the ancient ways of the samurai and discover the secrets of their combat skills. With its experienced instructors and authentic equipment, the Dojo of the Dragon is the perfect destination for martial artists and history buffs.,valid
The Garden of the Shogun is a place of natural beauty and tranquility, where visitors can escape the hustle and bustle of modern life and connect with the natural world. With its lush gardens and peaceful atmosphere, the Garden of the Shogun is the perfect destination for relaxation and meditation.,valid
The Armory of the Samurai is a place of weapons and history, where visitors can see the tools and weapons that samurai used to defend their honor and protect their country. With its historic artifacts and knowledgeable guides, the Armory of the Samurai is the perfect destination for history buffs and weapon enthusiasts.,valid
The Meditation Chamber of the Ronin is a place of inner peace and reflection, where visitors can learn the techniques of meditation and mindfulness that helped samurai maintain their focus and clarity in the face of danger. With its serene atmosphere and expert instructors, the Meditation Chamber of the Ronin is the perfect destination for anyone seeking to find inner peace.,valid
The Ice Caves of Glacier are a natural wonder on the frozen planet of Glacier, where visitors can marvel at the breathtaking beauty of ice formations and learn about the unique properties of frozen water.,valid
The Water Park of Atlantis is a place of aquatic adventure, where visitors can experience the thrills of water slides, wave pools, and lazy rivers. With its cool waters and sunny atmosphere, the Water Park of Atlantis is the perfect place to beat the heat.,valid
The Kid's Zone is a place of fun and excitement for the little ones, where kids can enjoy age-appropriate rides and attractions that are perfect for family fun. With its whimsical themes and colorful designs, the Kid's Zone is the perfect place for kids to explore and play.,valid
The Virtual Reality Zone is a place of cutting-edge technology and immersive experiences, where visitors can step into a world of fantasy and adventure through the power of VR. With its state-of-the-art equipment and realistic simulations, the Virtual Reality Zone is the perfect destination for gamers and tech enthusiasts.,valid
Welcome to the Gargantuan Fun Park, the ultimate destination for amusement and thrills! This incredible park is situated on the planet Gargantua, where visitors can experience the excitement of a whole new world. With its thrilling rides and attractions, this amusement park is the perfect place for anyone seeking adventure and excitement.,valid
The Rollercoaster of Gargantua is a breathtaking ride that will take you on a wild journey through the twists and turns of this amazing park. With its steep drops and fast speeds, the Rollercoaster of Gargantua is the perfect ride for adrenaline junkies and thrill-seekers.,valid
The Gargantuan Ferris Wheel is a towering attraction that will take you high into the sky for a breathtaking view of the park and the surrounding landscape. With its slow, relaxing pace, the Gargantuan Ferris Wheel is the perfect ride for those seeking a more leisurely pace.,valid
The Gargantuan Water Park is an incredible aquatic adventure that will keep you cool on even the hottest days. With its massive wave pool and thrilling water slides, the Gargantuan Water Park is the perfect place for family fun and aquatic adventure.,valid
The Gargantuan Gift Shop is a place of wonder and discovery, with a wide selection of souvenirs and mementos to take home with you. From t-shirts and keychains to plush toys and postcards, the Gargantuan Gift Shop is the perfect place to find the perfect keepsake to remember your visit to this incredible amusement park.,valid
The Gargantuan Arcade is a gamer's paradise, with a wide selection of classic and modern games to choose from. With its state-of-the-art technology and immersive experiences, the Gargantuan Arcade is the perfect place for gamers and tech enthusiasts.,valid
The Gargantuan Food Court is the perfect place to refuel and recharge after a day of excitement and adventure. With a wide selection of food and drink options to choose from, the Gargantuan Food Court is the perfect place for a quick bite or a leisurely meal.,valid
Welcome to the Jupiter Dancing Academy, a unique school dedicated to teaching the art of dance in the magical atmosphere of the planet Jupiter. The Jupiter Dancing Academy is located in the heart of the planet's bustling metropolis, offering visitors a unique and memorable experience like no other. At the Jupiter Dancing Academy, students of all ages and levels are welcome to learn the art of dance, from beginner to advanced levels. Our expert instructors are highly trained professionals with years of experience, who are passionate about sharing their love for dance with others. Whether you are interested in ballroom dancing, Latin dances, hip-hop, or contemporary, we have something for everyone. The academy is situated in a beautiful building with state-of-the-art facilities, including multiple dance studios equipped with the latest technology and sound systems. The studios are spacious and bright, providing the perfect environment for learning and practicing. In addition to regular classes, the Jupiter Dancing Academy also hosts various dance events and performances throughout the year, including showcases, competitions, and themed parties. These events are a great way to showcase your skills and connect with other dancers from around the planet. The Jupiter Dancing Academy also offers private lessons for individuals or couples who prefer one-on-one attention and customized lesson plans. These lessons are ideal for those looking to improve their technique, prepare for competitions or events, or for those who simply prefer a more personalized learning experience. For those visiting from off-planet, the academy offers temporary accommodations within the building, including comfortable dorm rooms, a cafeteria, and a lounge area. These facilities are designed to provide students with everything they need to make their stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. Overall, the Jupiter Dancing Academy is a must-visit for any dance enthusiast visiting Jupiter. The school's expert instructors, state-of-the-art facilities, and unique atmosphere make it the perfect destination for those seeking a one-of-a-kind dance experience. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced dancer, you are sure to have a fantastic time at the Jupiter Dancing Academy.,valid
Welcome to the Milky Way Fitness Center, the ultimate destination for anyone seeking a healthy lifestyle and a fit body. The Milky Way Fitness Center is located in the heart of the galaxy, offering visitors a unique and exciting experience like no other. The fitness center boasts state-of-the-art equipment and facilities, including weight machines, free weights, cardio machines, and a spacious workout area. Our expert trainers are highly skilled professionals who are passionate about fitness and are dedicated to helping clients reach their fitness goals. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced fitness enthusiast, our trainers can help you create a customized workout plan that meets your individual needs and goals. The Milky Way Fitness Center also offers a wide range of classes and programs, including yoga, Pilates, Zumba, kickboxing, and more. These classes are taught by certified instructors who are knowledgeable and experienced in their respective fields. They provide a fun and supportive environment that will help you stay motivated and on track to achieving your fitness goals. In addition to regular classes and programs, the Milky Way Fitness Center also offers personalized nutrition plans that are tailored to each individual's needs and preferences. Our nutrition experts will work with you to create a healthy and balanced meal plan that will help you reach your fitness goals and maintain a healthy lifestyle. For those visiting from off-planet, the Milky Way Fitness Center offers temporary accommodations within the building, including comfortable dorm rooms, a cafeteria, and a lounge area. These facilities are designed to provide clients with everything they need to make their stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. Overall, the Milky Way Fitness Center is the perfect destination for anyone looking to improve their fitness and lead a healthy lifestyle. The combination of state-of-the-art facilities, expert trainers, and a wide range of classes and programs make it the ultimate fitness destination in the galaxy. Whether you are looking to lose weight, build muscle, or simply maintain a healthy lifestyle, the Milky Way Fitness Center has everything you need to succeed.,valid
Welcome to the Mars Math School, an innovative institution dedicated to the study of mathematics in the unique environment of the Red Planet. The Mars Math School is located in the heart of Mars City, providing students with access to world-class facilities and expert instructors. At the Mars Math School, students of all levels are welcome to learn and explore the world of mathematics. Our curriculum is designed to challenge and inspire students, while also providing them with the foundational knowledge needed to excel in any field that requires mathematics. Our expert instructors are highly trained professionals with years of experience in teaching mathematics. They are passionate about sharing their love for the subject with others and are dedicated to helping students reach their full potential. They provide a supportive and nurturing learning environment that fosters creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. In addition to regular classes, the Mars Math School also offers various extracurricular activities, such as math clubs, math competitions, and math camps. These activities are designed to provide students with additional opportunities to deepen their understanding of mathematics and connect with other like-minded individuals. The Mars Math School also offers state-of-the-art facilities, including multiple classrooms equipped with the latest technology and interactive learning tools. Our classrooms are designed to provide students with a comfortable and stimulating learning environment that promotes active participation and engagement. For those visiting from off-planet, the Mars Math School offers temporary accommodations within the building, including comfortable dorm rooms, a cafeteria, and a lounge area. These facilities are designed to provide students with everything they need to make their stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. Overall, the Mars Math School is a must-visit for any math enthusiast visiting Mars. The school's expert instructors, state-of-the-art facilities, and unique environment make it the perfect destination for those seeking a one-of-a-kind mathematics learning experience. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced mathematician, you are sure to have a fantastic time at the Mars Math School.,valid
Welcome to the Galway Opera Theatre, one of Ireland's most prestigious cultural institutions and the perfect destination for lovers of opera and the performing arts. Located in the heart of Galway, the theatre is an iconic landmark that has been a centerpiece of the city's cultural scene for generations. The Galway Opera Theatre is renowned for its stunning architecture, breathtaking interior, and world-class performances. The theatre is home to the Galway City Opera, one of Ireland's most respected opera companies, and hosts a wide range of performances throughout the year. The theatre's opulent interior is adorned with intricate details and lavish décor, providing a stunning backdrop for the world-class productions that take place on its stage. The theatre also boasts state-of-the-art acoustics and lighting, ensuring that each performance is a true spectacle. The Galway Opera Theatre offers a wide range of performances, from classic operas to modern interpretations and everything in between. The theatre's talented performers, musicians, and production staff work tirelessly to bring these performances to life, delivering an unforgettable experience that will leave you awe-inspired. In addition to the theatre's regular performances, the Galway Opera Theatre also offers various workshops and masterclasses for aspiring performers and enthusiasts. These classes are taught by some of the most respected figures in the industry and provide participants with the opportunity to learn from the very best. For those visiting from out of town, the Galway Opera Theatre is conveniently located near some of the city's best hotels, restaurants, and other cultural institutions. Visitors can take advantage of the theatre's location to explore the city's many attractions, including its stunning waterfront, historic landmarks, and vibrant nightlife. Overall, the Galway Opera Theatre is a must-visit for anyone interested in the performing arts. Its stunning architecture, world-class performances, and rich cultural history make it an unforgettable experience that should not be missed. Whether you are a seasoned opera enthusiast or a first-time visitor, the Galway Opera Theatre is sure to delight and inspire you.,valid
Welcome to Jerusalem, one of the holiest cities in the world and a destination for countless pilgrims throughout history. Located in the heart of the Old City, the Western Wall is one of the most significant pilgrimage sites in Jerusalem and an iconic symbol of Jewish faith and culture. The Western Wall, also known as the Wailing Wall, is the last remaining section of the ancient temple that was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD. It is believed to be the closest site to the Holy of Holies, the holiest site in Judaism, and is revered as a sacred place for prayer and reflection. The Western Wall is open to visitors of all faiths and backgrounds, and people from all over the world come to pray and leave notes with personal wishes and prayers written on them. The wall's towering height and imposing presence make it an awe-inspiring sight, and the energy and sense of community among the visitors is palpable. Visitors to the Western Wall can also explore the nearby Western Wall Tunnel, which offers a fascinating glimpse into the history and architecture of the ancient temple. The tunnel winds its way under the city, revealing the foundations of the temple and providing an immersive experience that brings the history of the site to life. The Western Wall is also conveniently located near other historic landmarks and cultural institutions in the Old City, making it the perfect destination for those interested in exploring the city's rich cultural history. Visitors can take advantage of the wall's location to explore the city's vibrant markets, sample local cuisine, and visit other significant sites such as the Dome of the Rock and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Overall, the Western Wall is a must-visit for anyone interested in the history and culture of Jerusalem. Its significance as a pilgrimage site and the sense of community among its visitors make it an unforgettable experience that should not be missed. Whether you are visiting Jerusalem for religious reasons or simply to explore the city's rich cultural heritage, the Western Wall is sure to leave a lasting impression.,valid
Welcome to The Enigma Room, a famous escape room in Milan, Italy. This unique attraction offers visitors the chance to test their problem-solving skills and experience an adrenaline-fueled adventure. The Enigma Room features a range of challenging puzzles and mysteries to solve, all set within an immersive and engaging environment that will transport you to another world. Whether you're a seasoned escape room enthusiast or a first-timer, The Enigma Room is sure to provide an unforgettable experience that will keep you coming back for more.,valid
Located in the heart of the Swiss Alps, Verbier is one of the most famous skiing resorts in the world. With its stunning views, challenging slopes, and vibrant nightlife, Verbier is the perfect destination for skiers of all levels. The resort features a wide range of ski runs, from beginner-friendly slopes to more advanced courses that will challenge even the most experienced skiers. After a long day on the slopes, visitors can relax in one of the many luxurious spas or sample the delicious local cuisine at one of the resort's many restaurants.,valid
The Prison Escape is a famous escape room located in the heart of Florence, Italy. This thrilling attraction offers visitors the chance to experience a real-life prison break, complete with challenging puzzles, hidden clues, and heart-pumping excitement. The Prison Escape is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and thrilling adventure in one of Italy's most historic cities.,valid
Zermatt is one of the most iconic skiing resorts in Switzerland, known for its stunning views of the Matterhorn and its challenging ski runs. With its world-class facilities and unparalleled scenery, Zermatt is the perfect destination for skiers and snowboarders of all levels. Visitors can take advantage of the resort's many ski lifts and gondolas to access some of the most breathtaking runs in the world.,valid
If you're looking for a unique and challenging adventure in Rome, look no further than Escape Rome. This famous escape room offers visitors the chance to solve complex puzzles and riddles in order to escape a variety of themed rooms, from a medieval castle to a spooky laboratory. Escape Rome is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a one-of-a-kind experience in one of Italy's most historic cities.,valid
Located in the heart of the Swiss Alps, Davos is one of the most famous skiing resorts in the world. With its stunning scenery, challenging ski runs, and world-class facilities, Davos is the perfect destination for skiers and snowboarders of all levels. The resort features a wide range of slopes, from gentle runs for beginners to black diamond courses for advanced skiers.,valid
For a unique and unforgettable adventure in Florence, look no further than Quest Rooms. This popular escape room offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a haunted house to a submarine. Quest Rooms is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for an adrenaline-fueled adventure in one of Italy's most historic cities.,valid
St. Moritz is one of the most iconic skiing resorts in Switzerland, known for its breathtaking scenery and world-class facilities. The resort features a wide range of ski runs, from gentle slopes for beginners to challenging courses for advanced skiers. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including ice skating, snowshoeing, and horse-drawn carriage rides.,valid
Located in the heart of Rome, The Secret Room offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a pirate's lair to a medieval castle. This popular escape room is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Italy's most historic cities.,valid
Gstaad is one of the most luxurious skiing resorts in Switzerland, known for its chic atmosphere and exclusive clientele. The resort features a wide range of ski runs, from gentle slopes for beginners to challenging courses for advanced skiers. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including ice skating, snowshoeing, and shopping at the many upscale boutiques and stores in the village.,valid
The Venice Escape is a popular escape room located in the heart of Venice, Italy. This thrilling attraction offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a bank heist to a murder mystery. The Venice Escape is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Italy's most romantic cities.,valid
The SkiWelt Wilder Kaiser Brixental is one of the largest skiing resorts in Austria, known for its stunning scenery and variety of ski runs. With over 284 km of pistes, SkiWelt offers visitors a wide range of slopes for all levels, from beginner-friendly runs to more challenging courses. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including tobogganing, snowshoeing, and après-ski parties.,valid
Located in the heart of Naples, The Great Escape is one of Italy's most popular escape rooms. This thrilling attraction offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a bank heist to a haunted house. The Great Escape is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Italy's most vibrant cities.,valid
Les Trois Vallées is one of the largest skiing resorts in the world, located in the French Alps. With over 600 km of pistes, Les Trois Vallées offers visitors a wide range of ski runs for all levels, from gentle slopes for beginners to challenging courses for advanced skiers. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including snowshoeing, ice skating, and après-ski parties.,valid
Located in the heart of Milan, EscapeMI offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a bank heist to a haunted house. This popular escape room is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Italy's most stylish cities.,valid
The Chamonix-Mont-Blanc is one of the most famous skiing resorts in the French Alps, known for its stunning views and challenging ski runs. With its high altitude and world-class facilities, Chamonix-Mont-Blanc is the perfect destination for skiers and snowboarders of all levels. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including ice climbing, paragliding, and dog sledding.,valid
The Escape Key is a popular escape room located in the heart of Edinburgh, Scotland. This thrilling attraction offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a haunted house to a bank heist. The Escape Key is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Scotland's most historic cities.,valid
Val Thorens is one of the most famous skiing resorts in the French Alps, known for its high altitude and breathtaking scenery. With over 150 km of pistes, Val Thorens offers visitors a wide range of ski runs for all levels, from gentle slopes for beginners to more challenging courses for advanced skiers. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including ice driving, snowmobiling, and après-ski parties.,valid
Located in the heart of Florence, AdventureRooms offers visitors the chance to solve challenging puzzles and riddles in order to escape a range of themed rooms, from a prison escape to a treasure hunt. This popular escape room is the perfect destination for groups or solo visitors looking for a unique and exciting adventure in one of Italy's most historic cities.,valid
Zermatt is one of the most famous skiing resorts in Switzerland, known for its picturesque village and stunning views of the Matterhorn. With over 360 km of pistes, Zermatt offers visitors a wide range of ski runs for all levels, from gentle slopes for beginners to more challenging courses for advanced skiers. Visitors can also enjoy a range of off-slope activities, including ice skating, tobogganing, and après-ski parties.,valid
The White House, located in Washington D.C., is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States. With its iconic neoclassical architecture and rich history, it is one of the most recognizable buildings in the world. Visitors to the White House can take a tour of the public areas of the building, which includes the State Dining Room, the East Room, and the Blue Room. The tour also includes a visit to the White House Rose Garden, which is a beautiful outdoor space that is often used for events and ceremonies. In addition to the public tour, visitors can also take a tour of the White House grounds, which includes the South Lawn and the White House Kitchen Garden. These tours provide a unique opportunity to see the outdoor spaces that are an integral part of the White House's history. For those interested in learning more about the White House's history and significance, there are a number of museums and historical sites located in the surrounding area. The National Mall, which is home to many of the country's most important monuments and museums, is just a short walk from the White House. Visitors to the White House should be aware that security is tight, and that tours must be booked in advance through a member of Congress or an embassy. While the process may be time-consuming, the chance to visit this iconic building is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that should not be missed. Overall, a visit to the White House is an experience that is sure to be both memorable and informative. With its stunning architecture, rich history, and importance as the residence of the President of the United States, it is truly a must-see destination for any visitor to Washington D.C.,valid
Tokyo DisneySea is one of the most popular theme parks in Japan, and is known for its immersive, nautical-themed atmosphere and incredible attention to detail. The park is divided into seven different "ports of call," each with its own unique attractions, restaurants, and shops. One of the most popular areas in Tokyo DisneySea is Mediterranean Harbor, which features a beautiful waterfront promenade and stunning views of Mount Prometheus. Visitors can enjoy a range of attractions in this area, including the Venetian gondola ride and the soaring Mediterranean Harbor light show. Another must-see area in the park is the Arabian Coast, which features a bustling marketplace, stunning architecture, and attractions such as the Sinbad's Storybook Voyage boat ride and the Caravan Carousel. The Lost River Delta is also a popular area, with its Indiana Jones Adventure ride and the thrilling Raging Spirits roller coaster. Food lovers will also enjoy the many delicious dining options available at Tokyo DisneySea, including seafood dishes, Italian cuisine, and Japanese snacks. And for those looking to do some shopping, the park features a wide range of shops offering everything from souvenirs to high-end fashion. Tokyo DisneySea is also home to a number of seasonal events, such as the Halloween and Christmas celebrations, which feature special decorations, food items, and shows. Visitors to Tokyo DisneySea should be prepared for large crowds and long lines, but the park's unique atmosphere and incredible attention to detail make it a truly unforgettable experience.,valid
The Google office in Europaallee, Zurich is one of the most innovative and exciting workplaces in the world. The office is designed to promote creativity, collaboration, and well-being among its employees, and features a wide range of amenities and workspaces. One of the most unique features of the Google office in Zurich is the "Micro Kitchen" concept, which provides employees with a wide range of free snacks, drinks, and meals throughout the day. This helps to foster a sense of community and camaraderie among the employees, while also ensuring that everyone is well-fed and energized. The office also features a wide range of collaborative workspaces, including open-plan workstations, meeting rooms, and lounges. This helps to encourage teamwork and communication among the employees, while also providing a range of spaces for different working styles and preferences. In addition to its focus on collaboration and well-being, the Google office in Zurich is also known for its innovative design and use of technology. The office features cutting-edge audiovisual systems, interactive displays, and a range of other high-tech features, all designed to enhance productivity and creativity among the employees. Visitors to the Google office in Europaallee, Zurich can take a tour of the facilities, which includes a visit to the various workspaces, as well as a chance to learn more about the company's culture and values. Overall, the Google office in Zurich is a must-see destination for anyone interested in innovation, technology, and workplace design.,valid
The Warner Bros Studio in the UK is a fascinating destination for movie lovers and fans of the Harry Potter franchise. The studio is located just outside of London and offers visitors a behind-the-scenes look at the making of some of the most beloved films in recent years. The studio tour takes visitors on a journey through the various stages of film production, including sets, costumes, props, and special effects. Visitors can explore the Great Hall of Hogwarts, the Forbidden Forest, and other iconic locations from the Harry Potter films, as well as see props and costumes from other Warner Bros films such as Batman and Wonder Woman. One of the highlights of the Warner Bros Studio tour is the chance to explore the sound stages and workshops where the films were created. Visitors can see the intricate process of creating everything from wands to creatures, and even try their hand at casting spells. Another unique feature of the Warner Bros Studio tour is the opportunity to sample Butterbeer, the iconic drink from the Harry Potter series. The studio also features a range of shops and dining options, allowing visitors to take home a piece of the magic. The Warner Bros Studio in the UK is a popular destination for visitors from all over the world, and advance booking is highly recommended. Whether you're a die-hard Harry Potter fan or simply interested in the art of filmmaking, the studio tour is a truly unforgettable experience.,valid
Dundalk Institute of Technology (DKIT) is a highly regarded educational institution located in the town of Dundalk, in Ireland's northeast. Founded in 1970, the institute offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs across a variety of disciplines, including engineering, computing, business, and humanities. The campus is modern, spacious and boasts a wide range of facilities, including state-of-the-art labs, research centres, and libraries. The institute has a strong reputation for innovation and technology, and is known for producing graduates who are highly skilled and sought after in the job market. DKIT is also highly regarded for its focus on student support and well-being. The institute offers a wide range of services to help students succeed academically, including academic advising, career counselling, and tutoring services. There are also plenty of opportunities for students to get involved in extracurricular activities, such as sports clubs, cultural events, and student societies. One of the most unique features of DKIT is its location in Dundalk, which is a thriving town with a rich cultural heritage. The town is home to a number of historical landmarks, including the 13th-century St. Patrick's Cathedral, and the 18th-century Dundalk Courthouse. The town also boasts a range of restaurants, cafes, and shops, making it a vibrant and exciting place to live and study. Overall, DKIT is an excellent choice for students looking for a high-quality educational experience, with a focus on innovation, student support, and real-world application. With its modern facilities, dedicated faculty, and commitment to excellence, DKIT is a top destination for students from all over the world.,valid
O'Fiaich College is a vibrant and dynamic educational institution located in the heart of Dundalk, a bustling town in Ireland's northeast. The college offers a wide range of courses and programs, ranging from business and administration to healthcare and early childhood education. The campus is modern, spacious, and offers a wide range of facilities, including state-of-the-art classrooms, computer labs, and dedicated spaces for student clubs and societies. The college is known for its commitment to innovation and technology, and has an excellent track record of producing graduates who are highly skilled and well-prepared for the workforce. One of the unique features of O'Fiaich College is its focus on practical, hands-on learning. Students have the opportunity to gain real-world experience through work placement programs, internships, and other experiential learning opportunities. The college also offers a range of resources to support student success, including academic advising, tutoring services, and career counselling. Dundalk itself is a lively and dynamic town, with a rich cultural heritage and a range of attractions and amenities for students. The town boasts a range of restaurants, cafes, and shops, as well as a number of historical landmarks, such as the St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Dundalk Courthouse. Overall, O'Fiaich College is an excellent choice for students looking for a high-quality educational experience, with a focus on innovation, hands-on learning, and real-world application. With its modern facilities, dedicated faculty, and commitment to excellence, O'Fiaich College is a top destination for students from all over the world.,valid
The National Monument of Jakarta, also known as Monas, is one of the most iconic landmarks in the Indonesian capital. It stands at 132 meters tall and is located in the center of Merdeka Square. The monument was built to commemorate Indonesia's struggle for independence from the Dutch colonial rule. The National Monument consists of a towering obelisk that is topped by a gold-coated flame-shaped bronze statue. The base of the monument is surrounded by a large park that is popular among locals and tourists alike. The park features beautiful fountains, lush greenery, and a variety of food and souvenir stalls. Visitors to the National Monument can take an elevator to the top of the obelisk for a stunning panoramic view of the city. The observation deck offers breathtaking views of Jakarta's skyline, including the towering skyscrapers of the central business district. The National Monument also houses a museum on its lower levels, where visitors can learn about the history of Indonesia's independence struggle. The museum showcases a variety of artifacts, documents, and exhibits that tell the story of the country's journey to freedom. The monument and its park are open to the public daily, from early morning until late evening. It is a popular destination for both locals and tourists, and a must-visit for anyone interested in Indonesia's rich history and culture. Overall, the National Monument of Jakarta is a fascinating and awe-inspiring landmark that offers visitors a glimpse into Indonesia's past and present. Whether you're interested in history, architecture, or simply enjoying a beautiful view, the National Monument is a must-visit destination in the vibrant city of Jakarta.,valid
Get ready for the ultimate space adventure at Universal Studios Mars! This exciting new theme park offers a unique experience unlike anything on Earth. Explore the Red Planet and its many wonders, from stunning landscapes to thrilling rides and attractions. From the exhilarating Martian rollercoaster to the gravity-defying space drop, there's something for everyone at Universal Studios Mars.,valid
Welcome to the future! Universal Studios Mars is the perfect destination for those who want to experience what life might be like on the Red Planet. Take a tour of the many futuristic cities and enjoy thrilling rides that let you fly like never before. With stunning visual effects and breathtaking scenery, you'll feel like you've been transported to a whole new world.,valid
Get ready for the ultimate space adventure at Universal Studios Mars. This amazing new theme park takes you on a journey to the Red Planet and beyond. Explore the many wonders of the solar system, from the moons of Jupiter to the rings of Saturn. With exciting rides and attractions, Universal Studios Mars is the ultimate destination for anyone who loves space and science.,valid
Experience the thrill of space travel at Universal Studios Mars! This incredible new theme park takes you on a journey to the Red Planet and beyond. With stunning visual effects and exhilarating rides, you'll feel like you're really blasting off into space. Whether you're a fan of science fiction or just looking for a fun and unique adventure, Universal Studios Mars is the perfect destination.,valid
Get ready to explore the wonders of Mars at Universal Studios! This exciting new theme park offers a unique opportunity to discover the Red Planet like never before. From the stunning Martian landscape to the thrilling rides and attractions, there's something for everyone at Universal Studios Mars. So come and discover the mysteries of Mars today!,valid
Discover a whole new galaxy of fun and excitement at Universal Studios Mars! This amazing new theme park takes you on a journey to the Red Planet and beyond. From the thrilling space drop to the high-speed Martian rollercoaster, there's something for everyone at Universal Studios Mars. So come and join us for the ultimate space adventure!,valid
Take your space adventure to the next level at Universal Studios Mars! This incredible new theme park offers a range of thrilling rides and attractions that will take you beyond the limits of your imagination. Explore the wonders of the solar system and experience the thrill of space travel like never before. With stunning visual effects and breathtaking scenery, Universal Studios Mars is a must-visit destination.,valid
Welcome to Universal Studios Mars, where a world of fun awaits you! This amazing new theme park takes you on a journey to the Red Planet and beyond. With thrilling rides and attractions, stunning visual effects and breathtaking scenery, Universal Studios Mars is the ultimate destination for space lovers and thrill-seekers alike.,valid
Experience the wonders of space like never before at Universal Studios Mars! This incredible new theme park takes you on a journey through the solar system, from the Red Planet to the outer reaches of the galaxy. With stunning visual effects, thrilling rides and attractions, and a range of unique experiences, Universal Studios Mars is the perfect destination for anyone who loves space and science.,valid
Looking for an out-of-this-world adventure? Look no further than the Martian Thrill Park! Located on the Red Planet, this amusement park boasts an array of adrenaline-pumping rides and attractions, including the Black Hole coaster, the Gravity Defier, and the Mars Sky Jump. With something for thrill-seekers of all ages, the Martian Thrill Park is the ultimate destination for those looking for an unforgettable experience.,valid
Experience the wonders of the Martian landscape at Red Rover Land, the planet's premier amusement park. From the towering Olympus Mons coaster to the Space Odyssey simulator, there's no shortage of thrills to be had. Kids will love the interactive Martian Rover ride, and the park's many dining options offer a taste of local cuisine from across the galaxy.,valid
For a truly otherworldly experience, head to Alien Encounter, the top-rated attraction on Planet Mars. This immersive experience lets you explore the mysteries of extraterrestrial life, from interactive exhibits to a thrilling ride through the depths of the Martian landscape. Don't miss the chance to meet the park's resident alien, Zorgon, and get a glimpse into a world beyond our own.,valid
Blast off to the future at Galaxy World, the latest addition to the Martian amusement park scene. Featuring cutting-edge rides like the Time Warp roller coaster and the Space Elevator drop tower, this park is perfect for those looking for the ultimate thrill. Plus, with plenty of dining and shopping options, you'll never be bored on your visit to Galaxy World.,valid
Get a taste of life on the Red Planet at Terra Nova, the first and only Martian amusement park dedicated to showcasing the wonders of the planet's ecology. From the interactive Terraformer ride to the guided tour of the Martian desert, there's no better way to learn about the planet's unique environment. Don't forget to visit the park's state-of-the-art research center, where scientists are working to unlock the secrets of life on Mars.,valid
Take a trip to the wild side at Cosmic Carnival, the Martian amusement park where anything is possible. From the twisted coaster tracks of the Comet to the heart-pumping thrill of the Zero Gravity ride, there's no shortage of excitement to be had. And with live performances from some of the galaxy's top entertainers, you'll be amazed at every turn.,valid
Discover the wonders of the Red Planet at Mars Explorer, the park dedicated to exploration and discovery. From the Mars Rover simulator to the stunning panoramic views from the park's observation deck, there's no better way to learn about the mysteries of the Martian landscape. Plus, with interactive exhibits and educational programs, this park is perfect for visitors of all ages.,valid
Set your sights on the stars at Stellar World, the Martian amusement park that takes you on a journey to the far reaches of the universe. From the daring Warp Speed coaster to the incredible Zero G simulator, there's no shortage of thrills to be had. And with plenty of dining and shopping options, you'll never be bored on your visit to Stellar World.,valid
Embark on an epic adventure at Galaxy Quest, the Martian amusement park that takes you on a journey to the edge of the universe. From the twisting, turning tracks of the Dark Matter coaster to the heart-stopping thrill of the Black Hole drop tower, there's no shortage of excitement to be had. And with immersive exhibits and interactive experiences, you'll feel like you're really exploring the stars.,valid
Explore the wonders of space at Space Station, the Martian amusement park that takes you on a journey beyond the stratosphere. From the breathtaking views of the Martian landscape from the park's Skyline Observation Tower to the thrilling launch experience of the Astronaut Simulator ride, you'll feel like a true space explorer. And don't forget to check out the park's fascinating Space Museum, where you can learn about the history of space exploration and the latest breakthroughs in space technology.,valid
Get ready for an out-of-this-world experience at Red Planet Rides, the premier amusement park on Mars. From the dizzying heights of the Valles Marineris coaster to the heart-pumping thrill of the Atmosphere Explorer ride, there's no shortage of excitement to be had. And with plenty of food and drink options, you can refuel between rides and stay energized all day long.,valid
Immerse yourself in the wonders of Mars at Martian Marvels, the amusement park that lets you experience the planet's most incredible sights and sounds. From the towering Olympus Mons coaster to the immersive Martian Expedition ride, you'll feel like you're really exploring the planet. And with plenty of shops and restaurants, you can take a break and enjoy the local flavor of Mars.,valid
Defy the laws of gravity at Gravity World, the Martian amusement park that takes you on a ride of a lifetime. From the twisting, turning tracks of the Martian Mega Loop to the heart-stopping thrill of the Anti-Gravity free fall, you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time. And with plenty of food and drink options, you can stay fueled up and ready for more.,valid
Journey to the outer limits of the universe at Outer Limits, the Martian amusement park that takes you on a trip through space and time. From the interactive Time Warp ride to the thrilling Cosmic Collision coaster, there's no shortage of excitement to be had. And with plenty of dining and shopping options, you can take a break and refuel before your next adventure.,valid
Get ready for a thrilling adventure at Martian Adventures, the amusement park that takes you on a wild ride through the Red Planet. From the fast-paced Red Rover coaster to the heart-pumping thrill of the Martian Skydive ride, you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time. And with plenty of food and drink options, you can stay fueled up and ready for more.,valid
Brace yourself for some serious thrills at Mars Thrills, the amusement park that takes you on a ride of a lifetime. From the twisting tracks of the Valles Marineris coaster to the heart-stopping drops of the Martian Plunge ride, you'll be screaming with excitement the whole time. And with plenty of dining and shopping options, you can take a break and recharge before your next adventure.,valid
Get ready for a day of fun at Red Planet Fun, the amusement park that has something for everyone. From the Martian Space Station to the interactive Mars Rover ride, there's no shortage of excitement to be had. And with plenty of food and drink options, you can take a break and enjoy the local flavors of Mars.,valid
Step into a world of Martian madness at Martian Madness, the amusement park that takes you on a wild ride through the Red Planet. From the dizzying heights of the Olympus Mons coaster to the heart-pumping drops of the Martian Plunge ride, you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time. And with plenty of dining and shopping options, you can stay fueled up and ready for more.,valid
Embark on an unforgettable adventure at Red Planet Adventures, the amusement park that takes you on a journey through the wonders of the Red Planet. From the thrilling Mars Explorer ride to the interactive Martian Caves attraction, you'll be immersed in the incredible sights and sounds of Mars. And with plenty of food and drink options, you can take a break and refuel before your next adventure.,valid
Get ready to live out your wildest Martian dreams at Martian Dreams, the amusement park that takes you on a thrilling adventure through the Red Planet. From the spinning Mars Orbiter ride to the heart-stopping drops of the Valles Marineris coaster, you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time. And with plenty of dining and shopping options, you can take a break and recharge before your next adrenaline-fueled adventure.,valid
The largest city in Switzerland, Zurich is a major contemporary art and shopping destination. Important artworks are displayed in the Kunsthaus and the Rietberg Museum, while those who consider shopping an art can hone their skills along Bahnhofstrasse and Niederdorf. Chagall's stained glass windows in the Fraumunster amaze, and Zurich's 500 clubs and bars—including several in swimming pools—pulse with life 'til the early hours. This city on Lake Zurich has excellent public transit and a free bike rental system.,valid
To most people, Zermatt means one thing: the Matterhorn. This ultimate Swiss icon looms over Zermatt, drawing visitors since the 1860s. Visit the Alpine Museum to learn about early attempts to reach the summit. Zermatt itself is a lovely, car-free village with old-fashioned brown chalets and winding alleys. Electric vehicles and horse-drawn cabs provide transport. A year-round destination, Zermatt is surrounded by 36 mountains, popular for their superb skiing (often into early summer) and hiking.,valid
Temple Bar is perhaps the most visited district of Dublin, with many tourists scarcely venturing beyond Dame Street and the Liffey which mark the upper and lower reaches of this cultural quarter. Tourists who enjoy Trinity College and Christ Church Cathedral won't have far to go to enjoy the nearby Meeting House Square with its galleries, archives and weekly food market. Stalls with Irish produce and food trucks take over the Square every Saturday between 10am and 5pm.The price of a pint or a bite to eat in Temple Bar is higher, on average than the rest of Dublin City. For this reason, many people walk through the area to soak up the atmosphere rather than spend the whole evening there. The price of a pint or a bite to eat in Temple Bar is higher, on average than the rest of Dublin City. For this reason, many people walk through the area to soak up the atmosphere rather than spend the whole evening there.,valid
Ireland's most prestigious university is arguably its most attractive too. Covering no less than 16 hectares, the college buildings and grounds are a poetic tribute to the best of Victorian architecture. Receiving its charter from Queen Elizabeth I in 1592, Trinity remained exclusively protestant until 1793. Today, such prejudices and exclusions are long gone, and Trinity enjoys a global reputation as a leading institution for learning, teaching and research. The Old Library building at Trinity College is home to the Book of Kells, which is the most richly decorated of Ireland's medieval illuminated manuscripts. The book contains the four gospels in Latin. Some of the dyes used were imported from as far as the Middle East. When you are visiting the Book of Kells exhibition, take some time to admire the Long Room. Its oak bookcases hold 200,000 of the library's oldest books.,valid
Shaped like a giant pint of the black stuff, this most popular of Dublin attractions towers over the surrounding neighbourhoods. The site of the brewery itself is massive, at a staggering 26 hectares. However, it will be the old grain storehouse that you visit. The building was constructed in 1902 and was the St. James's Gate Brewery's fermentation plant - where yeast is added to the brew. Designed in the style of the Chicago School of Architecture and classed as one of the first skyscrapers in the British Isles. In 1997 the building was redesigned to become the tourist attraction we know today, the Guinness Storehouse. Opened in December 2000, Guinness Storehouse has become the most visited attraction in Ireland. To date, they have welcomed over 20 million visitors. Over the years there have been numerous investments made to ensure that the tour features the most cutting-edge technology available to explore the past, present and future of St. James's Gate. At the end of the tour, at the top-floor Gravity Bar guests are greeted with a delightful panorama view across the Dublin cityscape with a complimentary well-earned pint (providing the guest is 18 or over). The Guinness Storehouse is a favourite memory for a lot of people on their tour of Ireland. The self-guided tour will take you through the history of the brewery and the brewing process spread out over 7 floors. The visitor experience uses audiovisual and interactive displays to tell its story. The experience will take about 90 minutes.,valid
Dublin provides plenty of opportunities for some retail therapy, and if you are looking to hit the shops during your time in the capital, it is Grafton Street that you will want to head for. This district of Dublin has all the high-street stores you could ask for, with British-owned chains being perhaps the best represented here. If you're looking for something a little more unique or boutique, then you won't have to wander very far. The streets that intersect this main artery of Dublin centre have plenty to tempt you. This is perhaps not the cheapest shopping district you will find on your travels, so be sure to pack your Euro.,valid
Christ Church Cathedral was founded by Viking King Sitric, almost 1000 years ago, in 1034. The nave, or central part of the church, contains the tomb of medieval warlord Strongbow—leader of the Anglo-Norman invasion of Ireland. It also contains the heart of Dublin's patron saint, Saint Laurence O'Toole. The crypt of the church, which is one of the largest in Ireland and the UK, has been restored from the 12th century and houses an exhibition called the Treasures of Christ Church. Amongst other manuscripts and artefacts is a 14th century copy of the Magna Carta Hiberniae (a book of law dating back to 1216). Perhaps the crypt's most popular exhibit is the mummified remains of a cat and a rat. Known locally as 'Tom & Jerry', the cat is believed to have chased the rat into a pipe of the church organ, where they both eventually became stuck. On guided tours, there is also the chance to ring the church bells. The oldest of that dates back to 1743 and, collectively, the 19 bells form the world record for the number of bells available for full-circle ringing. Getting to the Belfry in Christ Church Cathedral involves climbing 86 stone steps in a medieval building and crossing the roof at the South transept – quite the experience! Please note, because of this steep climb a visit to the Belfry is not suitable for children under 12 or if you have walking difficulties,valid
Visitors who set off in search of ramparts and turrets are likely to walk past Dublin Castle in search of something more medieval-looking. So, be warned that there won't be jousting and suits of armour. For 700 years, the bastion of British rule in Ireland, the castle is really a Victorian architectural mish-mash, and wouldn't look out of place in London or Paris. This is perhaps one of the more sedate attractions you'll find set against Dublin's bustling backdrop, and it's certainly not a day out for the kids, but the 45-minute tours are frequent and informative. A visit to the castle will appeal to anyone who has a keen interest in Irish history.,valid
They are one of the most popular and frequently most-hyped attractions on any of our Ireland tours, and the views will not disappoint. Rising to a height of 702ft (214m) high and 9 miles (14km) long, these sheer vertical cliffs hold a steady, undulating line against the tireless advance of the Atlantic below. A better view of the sea and setting sun on any Ireland tour you will not find. Another thing you will not find is the visitor centre; at least, until you get close, you won't find it. Designed very cleverly to blend into the local landscape, this extensive attraction is all but invisible as you approach the cliffs themselves. Inside, it is large, modern and informative. You can also climb the O'Brien's Tower, a 19th century lookout tower with a viewing platform. Please note that entrance to the tower is limited each day. To get different perspective of the Cliffs and maybe even the best views in good weather conditions, you can visit the Cliffs by boat.,valid
Kylemore Abbey is not only one of Ireland's most attractive buildings, since 1920, it has also been home to the Sisters of the Benedictine Order in Ireland. Even today, Kylemore continues to operate as a working Abbey: here, the sisters live, work and pray, as well as welcoming visitors from across the globe. Among Kylemore's many notable attractions are the unmistakable Victorian Walled Gardens, restored in 2000 and now open to the public. As a heritage garden, this beautiful space only uses Victorian gardening methods. Only seeds and strains from the 1800s are ever planted here. The building of Kylemore Castle was inspired by Margaret Henry, to whom the Gothic Church still stands in tribute, serenely secluded in Kylemore's woods. It was Margaret's husband Mitchell Henry who produced, from little more than desolate bog land, the beautiful attraction we now know as Kylemore Abbey. Following Margaret's death in 1874, Henry returned to Kylemore to live, and he remained here until his passing in 1903.,valid
Galway, City of the Tribes, is one of Ireland's most popular tourist destinations, known for its charming cobbled streets, its friendly residents, and its pervasive sense of history. The city sits on the location where the River Corrib meets the Atlantic Ocean. The main hub of activity in the city is the 18th century Eyre Square, here you can find numerous shops, pubs, cafés and restaurants. Visitors to Galway City are drawn to the brightly-painted pubs, teeming with activity and traditional Irish folk music; the legendary street performers, enchanting the crowds; and the countless festivals which take place in Galway every year. In recent years, Galway City has become the cultural hub of Ireland, the city attracts people who share an artistic outlook and a more Bohemian way of life. For those interested in all things art, Galway City is definitely not to be missed on your tour of Ireland. The Galway city museum covers three floors with the archaeological, political, cultural and social history of the City and is free to visit. A favourite pastime among the locals is to walk the Salthill prom, A 2km-long promenade running along the sea. The tradition among the locals is 'kicking the wall' at the end, across from the diving boards, before making your way back into the City.,valid
Westport is a charming town in County Mayo. Located about 1hr 30 mins from Galway, this remote area of Ireland retains all of its rugged beauty. There's plenty to see and do around Westport including the Great Western Greenway, Achill Island, Clare Island, Clew Bay with its 365 Islands, Westport House and Croagh Patrick.,valid
Perched on the banks of the River Shannon, Clonmacnoise is perhaps the foremost of Ireland's many monastic cities. For those interested in early Christianity, it is a must-see destination. Enclosed within the ancient city walls are various ecclesiastical ruins including a cathedral, seven ancient churches, three high crosses, round towers and the largest collection of Early Christian grave slabs in Western Europe - all remarkably well-preserved and fascinating to anyone, not just those with a special interest in Ireland's religious history. The cathedral is perhaps the most logical starting point after the museum. Built in 909AD, it has been significantly altered over the years. The 15th Century Gothic doorway with carvings of St Francis is worth a few minutes of closer scrutiny. Clonmacnoise's small churches are known as temples; a derivation from the Gaelic teampall. Each has its own distinctive character, and states of preservation vary significantly. Giving each of these sites the attention they deserve, not to mention the many sites outside the city walls, will not be easy for those bringing young families. But, for grown-ups interested in history, Clonmacnoise is a fascinating and vivid realisation of Ireland's past.,valid
Found in one of the most northerly parts of County Clare, Flaggy Shore is a geologist's dream. Made up of mainly grey limestone there are also the remnants of glacial rock from the last ice age, over 12,000 years ago, in the form of granite and limestone. Fossils of creatures from over 330 million years ago have also been found in the limestone. For us non-geologists of the world, Flaggy Shore is also just a simply beautiful sight.,valid
Kilmacduagh Monastery is located just outside the town of Gort in south west County Galway. Today only the ruins remain. Saint Colman is said to have founded the monastery in the 7th century. Legend has it that as Saint Colman was walking through the woods of the Burren when the belt from his robe fell to the ground. Saint Colman took this as a sign that this was to be the location of his monastery.It was also said that in the village of Kilmacduagh, no man will die from lightning. This myth was tested when a man was struck by lightning and send over a ditch, into the neighbouring County Clare, where he was declared dead. It is not known if he died when he was stuck or after he crossed the border, so the myth lives on.,valid
Another of Ireland's best kept secret beaches, found on the western shores of Achill Island in County Mayo. Framed by such an enchanted landscape, many visitors will find the journey here just as rewarding as the day out itself. A truly stunning location. Achill's most remote blue flag beach is a great place for water sports and you will find surfing schools in area. At the right time of the year, you might even spot some dolphins or a basking shark from the beach. See our page on Irish Islands for more hidden treasures like this one.,valid
Located just north of the village of Ballycastle in County Mayo, Downpatrick Head is a heritage site that gives visitors a unique view of the Atlantic Ocean. The Dún Briste sea stack lies close by, which looks like a chunk of Downpatrick Head that has been cut away from the mainland. Also found on Downpatrick Head are the ruins of a church founded by Ireland's patron saint Patrick, a holy well, a stone circle and nesting sea birds.,valid
Dereen Woods, also known as Bluebell Woods, is located outside the town of Boyle in County Roscommon. A magical setting throughout the year, the woods become even more special during the spring when they are carpeted with Bluebells. On a clear spring morning, Bluebell Wood is one of the most unique sights in Ireland.,valid
The Spanish Arch arguably stands out more because of the vibrant atmosphere which pervades the surrounding area, particularly in summer when visitors and locals mingle together, eating out in the sun and enjoying the buskers and street performers. The arch itself is thought to be part of the original medieval city walls. The Spanish Arch arguably stands out more because of the vibrant atmosphere which pervades the surrounding area, particularly in summer when visitors and locals mingle together, eating out in the sun and enjoying the buskers and street performers. The arch itself is thought to be part of the original medieval city walls.,valid
Cong is a village on the border of counties Mayo and Galway, with a population of just 145 people. It is best known as being the location for the John Ford directed, John Wayne starring film The Quiet Man. The film remains one of the few Hollywood productions where the Irish language can be heard. Filming started in Cong in the summer of 1951 and employed numerous actors from the Irish Theatre, as well as extras from the surrounding countryside. Every outdoor scene in the film was shot in County Galway and County Mayo. While the majority of the film was shot in the village of Cong, it is set in the fictional village of Inisfree. Another notable aspect of the village is that it was home to Sir William Wilde, the father of — arguably — Ireland's most famous writer Oscar Wilde. Today, as well as visiting The Quiet Man museum, the most popular destinations of Cong include Cong Abbey and Ashford Castle.,valid
Situated on the Clare and Tipperary banks of Loch Deirgeirt respectively, Killaloe and Ballina offer a tale of two cities ... well, two villages, perhaps. Close enough to be considered one destination, they have quite distinctive and different characteristics. Pack your camera before you head to Killaloe, the epitome of beautiful County Clare; then use it to get some foodie snaps over dinner in Ballina, where you will find fantastic pubs and restaurants.,valid
Located in County Galway, Connemara National Park is one of Ireland's six national parks. Founded and opened to the public in 1980, the majority of the land had previously been part of the Kylemore Abbey estate. Evidence of human settlement across the park include 4,000-year-old megalithic court tombs and a 19th-century graveyard. Comprising three thousand hectares of mountains, bogs, heaths, grasslands and woods, Connemara National Park is a nature-lover's paradise; home to countless native species including red deer, wild ponies and peacock butterflies. The park is also home to several of the famous Twelve Bens, the unmistakeable range of mountains which gives such character to the landscape of this part of Ireland. Dedicated walkers will find plenty of challenge here, but easier strolls can also be found on nearby Diamond Hill.,valid
If Riverdance did festivals..? This showcase of Irish traditional folk music and dance combines the best of Irish trad culture with a great open-air festival atmosphere. Featuring world-champion dancers, as well as some of the Riverdance cast, the show has met with near-unanimity in its positive reception among visitors. The price tag might rule it out for some, especially larger families, but those who go are in for a treat. Be sure to book well in advance: shows sell out months ahead.,valid
Slieve League Cliffs are found on the South-West coast of County Donegal. Known to be one of the highest Sea-facing cliffs in Europe. Take in the stunning view, depending on the clarity of the day of course, of Donegal Bay and the Sligo Mountains. A place of Christian pilgrimage for hundreds of years and a port for Monks journeying back and forth to Iceland, Slieve League is a wonder to behold.,valid
Let Sligo invite you into its myriad of pedestrian streets with small, independent shops guiding you from one entertaining diversion to the next. As you travel further south toward County Clare, listen out for traditional music and dancing, as the Irish folk music nights ("trad sessions") and céilidhs invite you into traditional Irish pubs along the way. Recovering after a Friday night session with the locals? Head for one of Sligo's Saturday-morning markets: Beltra Country Market, Benbulben Craft Village Farmers Market, Sligo Farmers Market and Sligo Flea Market all offer a great local atmosphere and, while you might not need to buy many groceries while you're here in Ireland, there will plenty of other little temptations to keep you entertained. When looking for relaxation and tranquillity on your Ireland vacation, the North West of Ireland is seen as a great choice.,valid
Like Sligo, Donegal town makes an ideal base for its surrounding attractions and should be viewed as such, rather than as a thriving tourist destination in its own right. Visitors will find plenty of pleasant places to eat, drink and make merry, as well as lots of places to lay their weary heads in comfort. The town itself will provide curiosities and distractions for a daytime of discovery, but the region's most engaging attractions arguably lie outside the towns themselves. Historically, Donegal owes its prominence to its strategic location at the mouth of the Donegal bay, a fact borne out by the presence of the impressive and imposing Donegal Castle. Located on a curve of the River Eske, the castle was built in 1474 and would remain an enduring monument to the power of the O'Donnells until the downfall in 1607. When all was lost, leader Rory O'Donnell destroyed the castle himself before fleeing to France. Restored in 1623 and again in the 1990s, the castle which visitors find today is in very good condition and, with guided tours every hour, it certainly merits a visit.,valid
This part of Ireland has some fantastic country routes, and self-drive visitors to Sligo and Donegal will not be short of photo opportunities along the way. One which is sure to please is The Glengesh Pass which runs from Ardara to Glencolumbcille. Passengers with a delicate stomach might want to take their travel sickness tablets before they embark on this narrow and tumbling sequence of tight hairpins, but if you keep your camera at hand you will have every excuse.,valid
This ascent will require more than just your walking boots: a knowledge of mountain safety and possibly a local guide might be called for, especially on days where the weather is anything less than bright and dry. At a fairly towering 752 metres, Errigal Mountain is a pleasant but challenging climb for any hobbyist hillwalker, and the main paths are not of the best quality. A hike on Errigal Mountain can really set your tour of Ireland apart.,valid
With less mileage on the Wild Atlantic Way and a more inland location, County Leitrim is perhaps overshadowed by the neighbouring counties of Sligo and Donegal. But visitors who pass by without exploring the glens, lakes and loughs for which Leitrim is famed will most certainly be missing out. Find out more about Leitrim tourist attractions by visiting www.leitrimtourism.com.,valid
If you have enjoyed the Glengesh Pass, then rest up and take the family on the kind of adventure that demands a barbecue and a bucket and spade. Although weather-dependent, this is an old-school family day out which won't cost much but is sure to please. (Drivers will have to pay €3 for parking. Don't go home without eating an ice-cream!) The beach itself looks like it belongs in a different hemisphere: stretches soft white sand are gently ironed flat by an enticing turquoise sea. Fair warning: only the stout of heart should head for the sea until the latter stages of the summer season: Ireland is not famed for its warm seawater. Those who do venture out will find a gentle gradient underfoot, making the water ideal for swimmers and paddlers alike. The caves are no less beautiful than the beach itself, with multicoloured rock formations forming an artistic array of dizzying shapes. A very atmospheric space away from the more established tourist destinations.,valid
Situated 50 minutes' drive from Donegal Town or 25 minutes from the fishing port of Killybegs, the Glencolmcille Folk Village (also known as Father McDyer's Folk Village Museum) is a thatched-roof replica of a traditional Irish rural village. Comprising a number of small cottages, called a "clachan", the village atop a hillside with a commanding sea view over Glen Bay Beach in the Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking area) of South West Donegal. A popular living-history museum, Glencolmcille was built and is maintained by the people of the local area.,valid
The Caves of Kesh are 16 caves, some of which are interconnected, found in the village of Keash, County Sligo. Remains of humans and animals dating back to as far as 10,000 B.C have been found in the caves during excavations in the 20th century. Amazingly, remains of reindeer were found on top of burnt charcoal, suggesting that the animal had survived in Ireland until the human period.,valid
Cork is the second-largest city in the Republic, but the locals call it "the real capital of Ireland". They might not be the most impartial judges, but many visitors are inclined to agree, leaving this compact and alluring destination with an enduring fondness and a full belly: Cork is known throughout Ireland for its exceptional food. While it is compact, Cork City has essentially two main streets, and you could walk from one end of the city to the other in about 10 minutes—it's packed full of hidden gems. If it's possible, find a Cork local for a tour of the city. The places that are off the beaten track, and rarely mentioned on Travel Guides, are the most memorable. Head down the side-streets, some that lead onto others, some that are dead-ends, and it's likely that you'll come across a unique place to have a drink or something to eat. If you're sampling any of Cork's many pubs, be sure to try a pint of Beamish – Cork's answer to Dublin's more famous Guinness. The transition from the city to the suburbs is pretty blunt in comparison to other European cities, walk out of Cork City, in any direction, and within 10 minutes you'll be surrounded by leafy roads, ponds, woodlands and the general great outdoors. The city has been reinventing itself with outdoor dining, pedestrianized street and covered markets with food stalls.,valid
Situated five miles north-west of Cork city, Blarney Castle is a solid fixture on almost any tour itinerary. It is best known for the famous "Blarney Stone" which visitors are encouraged to kiss, in accordance with a tradition which spans the centuries. Built 600 years ago by Cormac MacCarthy, one of Ireland's greatest chieftains, Blarney Castle has attracted millions of visitors who continue to flock here in the hope that they will be gifted with the power of persuasive and elegant speech - or, as we call it in Ireland ... Blarney.,valid
If you look up the word 'quaint' in a dictionary, don't be surprised to find a little picture of Dingle, a fishing port full of charm and allure. Expect its narrow streets to be bustling with visitors during high season. When you're ready to take time out, stop off at one of the many small Irish pubs and enjoy a pint of Guinness with the locals.This picture is from Dingle Whiskey Distillery which is well worth a visit if you're partial to a tipple. You could easily fill a day with a distillery tour of Dingle, in recent years there has been a surge in the number of distilleries and breweries setting up in the town and the surrounding areas. Dingle is also known for its vibrant yet relaxed night-life, especially during the summer months. Hotels and B&B's in the area, from April to September, can fill quickly, so, it is well worth booking your accommodation well in advance. This picture is from Dingle Whiskey Distillery which is well worth a visit if you're partial to a tipple. You could easily fill a day with a distillery tour of Dingle, in recent years there has been a surge in the number of distilleries and breweries setting up in the town and the surrounding areas. Dingle is also known for its vibrant yet relaxed night-life, especially during the summer months. Hotels and B&B's in the area, from April to September, can fill quickly, so, it is well worth booking your accommodation well in advance.,valid
Even since production moved to a modern facility nearby, the world-famous Old Midleton Distillery continues to draw huge numbers of visitors who are as curious about The Jameson Experience as ever before. Over 130,000 tourists visit Midleton every year to learn more about the home of Irish whiskey. The charm and elegance of the original distillery buildings reflect the pride in the product that was made here. Expect an engaging insight into the culture and history of Ireland, told through one of the nation's most famous exports. At the beginning of the tour, there is a very informative audio-visual presentation detailing the whiskey-making process used by Jameson throughout the ages. You are then taken to the old distillery dotted along the trail there are antique vehicles, water mills, barrels and casks which really add to the sense of heritage. The final leg of the tour is the pay-off... a glass of Jameson! There is the option to have this straight up or with Ginger & Lime. If you are quick enough to volunteer there is a comparative tasting of an Irish whiskey, a Scottish whiskey and an American bourbon with an explanation on the differences and making of each.,valid
Ireland's longest circular route covers some staggeringly beautiful scenery, including lakes, beaches, glens, castle ruins, off-shore islands, mountains and, of course, the Atlantic Ocean to the west. A journey around the Ring of Kerry is a must for any first-time visitor to Ireland. In a car or bus, the Ring of Kerry's 180 km can provide distractions enough to fill a day, but there is no shortage of places to stay overnight and, depending on your interests, you can certainly find plenty of interesting diversions to make it a trip of two or more days. If it's your first time driving country roads in Ireland, the Ring of Kerry would not be an advisable place to start. Even the most seasoned of Irish drivers can struggle here. Sometimes the road will be so narrow as to barely fit one car, add the endless amount of tour buses passing up and down the road and you'll have a front row seat for some very skilled manoeuvring. The skellig ring, a shorter and less travelled route, is an extension of the Ring of Kerry. This hidden gem is just as quaint as the famous Ring, but without the tour buses. If you can't get enough of the peninsula, you can explore the heartland as well with it's windy roads that cut through the hills.,valid
The definitive Irish tourist town, Killarney has something for everyone and, after Dublin, is generally the first place name to be added to the itinerary of any Ireland tour. The town has been welcoming visitors for over 250 years. As the perfect base to explore Kerry and the National Park, Killarney can get quite busy during the summer months. Though perhaps offering fewer historical and cultural attractions than its east-coast counterparts, Killarney more than makes up for this with the welcoming bustle of the town itself and the staggering natural beauty of its neighbouring namesake, the national park just five-minutes' drive away. The town of Killarney will provide ample diversion for those looking to go shopping and those looking for a Guinness and some traditional music. For the many who choose to do both, there is no shortage of good restaurants to segue your daytime and night time activities in the town.,valid
Muckross Estate, the focal point of the Killarney National Park, was donated to the Irish Free State in 1932. Its grounds became Ireland's first national park and. Over time, it has expanded to encompass nearly 25,500 acres of lakes, mountains and native oakwoods and yew woods. This includes the highest mountain range in Ireland, called MacGillycuddy's Reeks. The jewel in the crown of the park is its majestic lakes, Lough Leane (the lower lake), Muckross Lake (the middle lake), and the Upper Lake. These lakes make up a quarter of the park's area and continue to draw admirers in huge numbers ever since the park first opened. Hidden behind Dinis Cottage you can find the place, called Meeting of the Waters, where these three lakes meet. Killarney National Parks & Lakes are located a short distance from the town of Kenmare on the Wild Atlantic Way.,valid
As a city, Cork retains a great deal of its historical and archaeological heritage. There is no finer example of this than Cork City Gaol, a towering edifice situated just 2km north-west of Patrick's Street. Opened in 1824, the gaol was heralded as "the finest in three kingdoms", though inmates at the time might not have agreed. Located in the Sunday's Well area of Cork, Cork City Gaol is currently a museum and visitor attraction. Visitors can step back in time and witness what life would have been like for both prisoners and guards of Ireland's most famous gaol. Opened in 1824 to replace the old Gaol of Northgate Bridge it soon became seen as a marvel of architecture and a feat in logistics for its time. In its heyday of the 19th and early 20th Centauries, Cork City Gaol was home to some of Ireland's most notorious prisoners. During the early 1800s, the gaol's walls housed many temporary prisoners before they were taken to convict ships bound for Australia. Later in the same century, the gaol's guests included Young Irelanders Derry Lane, Terence Bellew McManus, Ralph and Isaac Varian. In the 20th century, its most famous prisoners included Fenians James Mountaine and Brian Dillion and revolutionary nationalist Countess Markievicz. Today the gaol has been redesigned as a visitor centre, refurbishing the cells as they would have been hundreds of years ago. Original scrawlings on the walls of the cells added with eerily realistic wax figures of both guards and prisoners give the whole experience a very voyeuristic feel. Unlike their predecessors, visitors today have the freedom to roam the gaol's catacombs for the price of €8 (concessions available). The tour takes visitors back in time, recreating the harsh realities of nineteenth century incarceration while exploring some of the underlying causes of contemporaneous crime. The self-guided tour of the gaol is available in 13 different languages. Cork City Gaol has a souvenir shop, tourist information, picnic area and a café.,valid
Bring your Euro and a sense of curiosity as you explore the small, Bohemian shops, great restaurants and pubs, which line the narrow streets. A favourite destination for international and Irish visitors, Kinsale is hugely popular on our own Ireland tour vacations. Travel magazine, Condé Nast, recently hailed Kinsale as one of Ireland's Most Beautiful Villages. Kinsale, located only 25km from Cork City is also the start/finish point of the Wild Atlantic Way and has been named 'The Gourmet Capital of Ireland'.,valid
Built in 1845 the Cork Public Museum known then as The Shrubberies is located on the grounds of Fitzgerald Park. It was originally built by the Beamish family and was for years their family home. Cork Corporation eventually purchased the house and its surrounding land and used it as a showcase for the Cork International Exhibition of 1902 and 1903. The museum officially opened in 1910 but after the burning of Cork City in 1920 it was used as the city's Municipal Offices. After being used as an Air Raid Protection office during World War II the museum finally opened in 1945. Today, the Museum gives an expansive history of Cork and covers a wide selection of topics. Everything from barrel-top caravans to costumes of the 18th century, from Ireland's oldest shovel to a selection of Cork Silver can be found within the museum exhibitions. The Riverside Café has recently opened within the Museum and gives visitors the perfect opportunity to enjoy the marvellous views. Cork Public Museum really has something for all ages and, if the weather holds up, a walk around the magnificent Fitzgerald Park is a must. Entry to the museum is free and you can find out more about the opening hours here.,valid
The Franciscan Well Brewery was founded in 1998 by Shane Long. It was built on the site of an old Franciscan Monastery. It is said that the well within this monastery had was given to curing the ailments of those who drank from it. People would come from across Ireland to make use of its miraculous powers. Brewers, operating from the well today, still harness their unique output while adding modern technology and techniques learned from across Europe. It is currently Ireland Number 1 Craft Brewery. The Franciscan Well has collaborated with fellow Cork drink makers Jameson Whiskey to create a truly Corkonian beverage a Jameson-Aged Stout. The brewery is where new drink ideas are formed and if they pass the brewers standards they are then served up at the Brew Pub in Cork City. If they are successful here then they will be exported further afield.The Brew Pub, located within the original brewery on Cork City's North Mall, is currently one of the city's hot spots. It's a modern pub with a historical twist. The original brewing vat sits in the middle of the beer garden, alongside a huge pizza oven. The latest creations from the brewery are tested by the clientele and, if the weather holds out, entire evenings can be spent arguing about the best pizza and beer combination. The inside of the pub, built on the burial ground of the old monastery, is also a fantastic spot to sample some of Cork's finest delights ...as long as you don't mind the occasional ghost.,valid
Ideal for a lunchtime stop more than a full-day excursion, Kenmare and Sneem both give a great insight into the relaxed pace of life which characterises this part of Ireland. Pull up a chair and take your time over a nice coffee ... or maybe a Guinness. A farmers market with local produce is held every Tuesday from June to September in Sneem.,valid
A living-history museum, Kerry Bog Village offers a heritage-award-winning insight into the harsh realities of life for the rural poor in famine-ravaged 18th-century Ireland. Thatched cottages within the village are decorated and furnished to represent, with well-researched exactitude, the real-life experiences of those who lived their lives in this part of Ireland during the nation's harshest times. A valuable and rewarding trip if you want to understand this chapter of Ireland's history.,valid
Skellig Michael, also known as Great Skellig, is a rocky outcrop island located 11.6 km to the west of the Iveragh Peninsula in Country Kerry. Sceilig Bheag (Little Skellig), its twin island is small and completely inaccessible. Skellig Michael is a world heritage site and was used as a monastic settlement by monks in the 7th century. Hollywood came calling to the island in 2014 when Episode VII of the Star Wars franchise chose it as a location for its final scene. The location was chosen for its otherworldly appearance thanks to its unique combination of Old Red Sandstone and compressed slate. To visit Skellig Michael you will have to book a landing tour with one of the boat operators. We advise to book your tour well in advance as only 180 people are allowed to access the island each day. The landing tours are subject to weather conditions and can be cancelled if they are bad. The boat trip normally takes around an hour and the visit to Skellig Michael approximately 2,5 hours. Most boat tours leave from Portmagee pier and are available from May to the beginning of October.,valid
Elizabeth Fort was built in 1601 by Sir George Carewan and was named after Queen Elizabeth I. It is located outside the medieval walls of Cork City, Originally built on wood, stone and mud it is torn down within two years by the people of Cork after the death of Queen Elizabeth. English reinforcements are brought in and seize control. The people of Cork are forced to pay for the forts reconstruction. In 1626 the fort is rebuilt in stone. The design takes on the present-day star shape and the majority of the fort from this rebuild survives today. Oliver Cromwell orders the fort walls the be heightened in 1650. During the 18th century, the fort is used as an army barracks. Including the barracks in the nearby Barrack Street, there are 750 soldiers housed here. In the early 19th century the fort is used as a prison for convicts waiting on transportation to Australia. In 1929 the Fort became a Garda station and was in use as such up until 2013. Today the Fort is a free visitor attraction and a fascinating step back into history. There are different aspects of each of the stages of the fort's history including statues of soldiers, cannons and model radio control rooms. Probably the most spectacular part of the tour today is the view that visitors receive of Cork City and the nearby St.Finbarr's Cathedral.,valid
The English Market is a food market that connects Princes Steet and The Grand Parade in Cork City. It has been in its present location, in one form or another, since 1788. The English Market is closed on Sundays, but open on all the other weekdays. The name 'The English Market' was thought up in the 19th Century to differentiate it from The Irish Market (currently the Bodega on Cornmarket Street). From 1788 until 1980 the interior of the market changed very little. A fire on 19 June 1980 saw the Cork City Council undertake an extensive refurbishment of the property. Today the market is a focal point for Cork's shoppers. The diversity of its products, friendliness of its traders and its overall aesthetic beauty ensure both locals and visitors to the Cork City flock to its stall on a daily basis. Queen Elizabeth II, on her 2011 Tour of Ireland, made sure to drop by The English Market to take a look around. Breaks from shopping can also be enjoyed in the market's cafés. The ready to eat hot dogs, from one of the many butchers, are also an unmissable treat. So if you are in Cork and are looking for the best quality food, exotics produce or simply going for a stroll, a visit to The English Market is essential. One amazing treat that we came across was in The English Market was The Chocolate Shop. A delightful one-stop shop for the finest chocolates found throughout Europe. They are completely independent and are not tied down to any particular manufacturer. They only stock chocolate that passes their standard... and wow, it's quite a standard. A must for any chocolate lover in Cork City.,valid
Spike Island, lying off the coast of County Cork, is a 104-acre island. It is a five-minute ferry ride from the town of Cobh. Over the past 1,300 years, Spike Island has been home to a monastery, a fortress and, most recently, a prison. Fort Mitchel, built in the 18th century by the British Army to defend against enemy forces, dominates the landscape of the island. It is a 24-acre star-shaped Fortress that was used as a base by both the British and Irish armies.Later, Fort Mitchel became a prison that could house up to 2,300 prisoners, both men and women, many of whom were later sent to finish their sentences in the USA or Australia. The fort was completed in 1850, and at the time was at the cutting edge of military technology. Today, it houses Ireland's largest military gun park. Fort Mitchel became a full-scale prison in 1847, in the middle of the Great Irish Famine. It had also been used as a place to hold prisoners, during Cromwell's time, but the rise in crime caused by the desperation of the Irish people during the Famine created the need for it to become a fully-fledged prison. During the War of Independence (from 1919 to 1921), the prison held members of the Irish Volunteers. The most famous escape from the prison came during this time when Seán MacSwiney, Tom Malone and Con Twomey fled the island and were picked up in a boat by members of the IRA. In September 1985, the prison was the scene of a riot by prisoners, who eventually took over the island. Hours later, Gardaí arrived and seized back control. The island remained a prison and a military base under Irish rule until its eventual closure in 2004. Today, Spike Island is one of Ireland's top tourist destinations. In fact, it was named the top tourist destination in Europe for 2017 at the World Travel Awards, beating off competition from the likes of the Eiffel Tower, the Colosseum and Buckingham Palace. Part of the reason for the success is the Spike Island tour guides. Full of enthusiasm, with genuine knowledge of all aspects of the island, you can't help but get lost in their stories and insight. The sense of history you feel, as you walk through the prison's eerie corridors and into its cramped cells, is in equal measures overwhelming and exhilarating. Slash hooks and make-shift knives, used by prisoners during the riot of 1985, are on display, along with other utensils crafted by the prisoners during their day-to-day lives. The military side of things is well catered for too, with displays including uniforms, guns and countless documents. Perhaps the most impressive part of the tour is the military gun park. Featuring over a dozen exhibits, ranging from tanks to anti-aircraft artillery, it is the largest of its kind in Ireland and is a firm favourite with both military enthusiasts and children alike.,valid
Built in 1722 and overlooking North Gate Bridge, Shandon Tower is one of the most famous members of Cork City's skyline. Originally the site housed St. Mary's Church before it relocated to Shandon Street in 1693. At the start of the 18th century, the area around Shandon became the hub of the world's butter trade. The famous Red and White sporting colours of the Cork teams in both Gaelic Football and Hurling are said to have their origins within the walls of Shandon Tower. The North and East walls are made of red sandstone while the South and West walls are made of white ashlar limestone. The eight bells of The Shandon Tower are accessible through steep steps that take you up past the clockwork operating the four sized clockfaces. These clock faces became known locally as 'the four-faced liar' due to the four clocks seemingly never showing the same time. The salmon shaped weather vane known as 'the goldie fish' is four meters long and covered in gold leaf.Caulfield Orpen designed the World War One memorial and is said to be one of the finest of its kind. There are five stunning stained glass windows including St. Luke's window by Hubert McGoldrick. After climbing the 132 steps the views on Cork City are nothing short of breathtaking. Ringing the bells that are heard across the city of Cork is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.,valid
The Beara Peninsula runs along Ireland's southwest coast, between Kenmare Bay in County Kerry and Bantry Bay in County Cork. There is evidence of human settlements in the Beara Peninsula dating back to 3,000 B.C. In the 17th century, the area was used by the British army against the French invasion. There are currently 6,000 people living here. Before the Great Famine of the 1840s, there were almost 40,000. It is home to two mountain ranges, Slieve Miskish Mountains & Caha Mountains, and is part of the Wild Atlantic Way.,valid
Located 5 miles from the County Kerry town of Killarney, Torc Waterfall is one of the town's more spectacular tourist attractions. The surrounding woodland is heavily populated with red deer. A public hike leads from the waterfall to the top of Torc Mountain. The waterfall is one of the highlights of the 120-mile Kerry Walking tour.,valid
Muckross House is located between two of the Lakes of Killarney, Muckross Lake and Lough Leane. It was designed by Scottish architect William Burn and was completed in 1843. The first occupants of Muckross House were Henry Arthur Herbert and his wife Mary Balfour. In total, the Tudor style house has 65 rooms. After paying for renovations to the house, in anticipation of Queen Victoria's visit in 1861, the Herbert family fell into financial difficulty. They sold the estate in 1899 to Arthur Guinness, great-grandson of the Guinness Brewery founder of the same. Arthur Guinness never lived in the house, instead, he rented it out as a lodge for wealthy hunting groups. The estate was again sold in 1911 to a mining magnate from California, William Bowers Bourn. As a wedding present the estate was given by Bowers Bourn to his daughter Maud. After Maud's death, from pneumonia in 1929, Bowers Bourn, his wife and their son-in-law Arthur Rose Vincent donated Muckross house and its 11,000-acre grounds to the Irish state. It was to become Ireland's first National Park, known as "Bourn-Vincent Memorial Park" and went on to form the basis of what we know today as Killarney National Park. Today, Muckross House itself, as well as its gardens and traditional farms form the centre of Killarney National Park. The park is open daily, except for the Christmas period. A whole day can easily be filled on the grounds of Muckross House, not to mention the surrounding woodlands, mountains and lakes.,valid
The Black Valley is an area of MacGillycuddy's Reeks in western County Kerry. MacGillycuddy's Reeks is seen as a remote part of Ireland. The area was the last part of Ireland to be connected with electricity and telephone networks, (1979). The valley is located between the Gap of Dunloe to the north and Moll's Gap to the south.,valid
The Gap of Dunloe is a mountain pass found between the Purple Mountain (to the east) and the MacGillycuddy Reeks (to the west) formed by glacial flows. The river Loe, from which the Gap takes its name, runs through it. One of the stand out features in the Gap of Dunloe is the Wishing Well, located between Bridge Coosaun Lough and Black Lake. Locals will tell you making a wish here is guaranteed to come true. There is a road running through the gap, going from Kate Kearney's Cottage in the north to and descending to the Black Valley in the south, which runs approximately 11 km. You can hire private jaunting cars from Kate Kearney's Cottage that will take you on a tour of the Gap of Dunloe and back.,valid
Inch Beach, contrary to its name, is a 3-mile long blue flag beach. It is not one of the best-kept secrets but, due to its remote location, is usually only visited by people in its vicinity. If you are lucky enough to be nearby on a good weather day you won't want to be anywhere else on the planet. It is a haven for bathing, angling and water sports. Inch Beach is located 14 miles east of the town of Dingle, County Kerry.,valid
Located in the city of Oxford in south-east England, the University of Oxford is one of the most prestigious universities in the world. Founded in the 12th century, the university is home to over 23,000 students, including more than 11,000 international students from over 150 countries. The campus is spread across the city of Oxford and includes iconic buildings like the Radcliffe Camera, the Bodleian Library, and the Sheldonian Theatre. The university is famous for its tutorial-based teaching system, where students receive personalized instruction from world-renowned professors. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university.,valid
Founded in 1209, the University of Cambridge is one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in the world. Located in the city of Cambridge in the east of England, the university is home to over 20,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the city and includes stunning architecture like the King's College Chapel and the Mathematical Bridge. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its academic rigor and excellence, particularly in the fields of science and engineering.,valid
Located in the heart of Scotland's capital city, the University of Edinburgh is one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1583, the university is home to over 40,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the city and includes historic buildings like the Old College, the McEwan Hall, and the Playfair Library. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its world-class research and teaching, particularly in the fields of medicine, law, and the arts.,valid
Located in the heart of London, Imperial College London is one of the top-ranked universities in the world. Founded in 1907, the university is home to over 18,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the South Kensington area of London and includes iconic buildings like the Queen's Tower and the Royal Albert Hall. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its excellence in science, engineering, and medicine, with numerous Nobel laureates and other prestigious award winners among its faculty and alumni.,valid
Located in the vibrant city of Manchester in the north of England, the University of Manchester is one of the largest and most respected universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1824, the university is home to over 40,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the city and includes historic buildings like the John Rylands Library and the Whitworth Art Gallery. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, including the humanities, social sciences, and STEM subjects.,valid
Located in the vibrant and historic city of Bristol in the south-west of England, the University of Bristol is one of the most respected universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1876, the university is home to over 25,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the city and includes stunning architecture like the Wills Memorial Building and the Victoria Rooms. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, engineering, and the arts.,valid
Located in the city of Coventry in the West Midlands of England, the University of Warwick is one of the leading universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1965, the university is home to over 30,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across 290 hectares of parkland and includes iconic buildings like the Oculus and the Warwick Arts Centre. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, engineering, and business.,valid
Located in the vibrant city of Glasgow in Scotland, the University of Glasgow is one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1451, the university is home to over 29,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across the city and includes stunning architecture like the Gilbert Scott Building and the Hunterian Museum and Art Gallery. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, medicine, and the humanities.,valid
Located in the beautiful and historic city of York in the north of England, the University of York is one of the top-ranked universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1963, the university is home to over 20,000 students from around the world. The campus is spread across 500 acres of parkland and includes stunning architecture like the Central Hall and the Ron Cooke Hub. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, social sciences, and the arts. The city of York is also a popular tourist destination, with many historic sites and attractions to explore.,valid
Located in the charming coastal town of St. Andrews in Scotland, the University of St. Andrews is one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1413, the university is home to around 9,000 students from over 140 countries. The campus is spread across the town and includes a mix of historic and modern buildings, with notable landmarks like the St. Salvator's Chapel and the Old Course at St. Andrews. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is famous for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, humanities, and social sciences.,valid
Located in the lively seaside city of Brighton in the south of England, the University of Sussex is a leading research university with a strong focus on innovation and social impact. Founded in 1961, the university s home to over 18,000 students from around the world. The campus is set in a beautiful parkland and includes notable buildings such as the iconic Falmer House and the award-winning Jubilee Library. Visitors to the university can take guided tours of the campus, explore the many museums and galleries, or attend one of the many lectures or events hosted by the university. The university is known for its research and teaching in a wide range of fields, particularly in the areas of science, social sciences, and humanities. The University of Sussex also offers a unique and diverse range of extracurricular activities and student organizations, such as the Brighton and Hove Albion Supporters Club and the Chess Society.,valid
The British Museum in London is one of the world's most famous and important museums. Established in 1753, it has a vast collection of over 8 million objects, ranging from ancient Egyptian mummies to contemporary art. Visitors can explore galleries dedicated to ancient Greece and Rome, the Islamic world, and Asia, as well as view the famous Rosetta Stone and the Elgin Marbles. The museum also hosts a range of temporary exhibitions, talks, and events throughout the year.,valid
The Louvre Museum in Paris is one of the world's most famous museums and home to the Mona Lisa, one of the most famous paintings in the world. The museum's collection includes over 35,000 works of art, including ancient Egyptian artifacts, medieval sculpture, and paintings by artists such as Rembrandt, Vermeer, and Rubens. Visitors can explore the museum's many galleries, including the Grande Galerie and the Islamic Art department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Vatican Museums in Rome are a collection of museums and galleries that showcase the art and artifacts collected by the popes over the centuries. The museums contain a vast collection of art and artifacts, including works by Michelangelo, Raphael, and Leonardo da Vinci. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Sistine Chapel and the Raphael Rooms, or attend one of the many events and exhibitions hosted by the museum.,valid
The Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam is one of the most famous museums in the Netherlands and houses a vast collection of Dutch art and history. The museum's collection includes works by Dutch masters such as Rembrandt, Vermeer, and Van Gogh, as well as objects from the country's rich history. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Gallery of Honor and the Asian Pavilion, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Prado Museum in Madrid is one of the world's most important art museums, with a collection of over 8,000 paintings and 700 sculptures. The museum's collection includes works by Spanish masters such as Velazquez, Goya, and El Greco, as well as works by international artists such as Bosch and Rubens. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Goya and Velazquez rooms, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg is one of the largest and most important museums in the world. The museum's collection includes over 3 million works of art and artifacts, including works by Da Vinci, Rembrandt, and Van Gogh. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Winter Palace and the Small Hermitage, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Uffizi Gallery in Florence is one of the world's most famous art museums, with a collection of over 2,000 works of art, including works by Botticelli, Michelangelo, and Leonardo da Vinci. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Medici Gallery and the Hall of the Maps, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The National Gallery in London is one of the world's most famous art museums, with a collection of over 2,300 paintings dating from the mid-13th century to the 1900s. The museum's collection includes works by European masters such as Van Gogh, Rembrandt, and Raphael. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Sainsbury Wing and the National Dining Rooms, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Museum of Modern Art in New York City is one of the world's most important museums of modern and contemporary art. The museum's collection includes works by many of the most famous modern and contemporary artists, including Andy Warhol, Vincent van Gogh, and Salvador Dali. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Painting and Sculpture department and the Architecture and Design department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Tate Modern in London is one of the world's most important modern and contemporary art museums. The museum's collection includes works by many of the most famous modern and contemporary artists, including Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, and Pablo Picasso. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Boiler House and the Switch House, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Musee d'Orsay in Paris is one of the world's most famous art museums, with a collection of art from the period between 1848 and 1914. The museum's collection includes works by famous Impressionist and Post-Impressionist artists such as Monet, Degas, and Van Gogh. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Impressionism and Post-Impressionism department and the Art Nouveau department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The National Museum of Natural History in Washington D.C. is one of the most important natural history museums in the world. The museum's collection includes over 126 million specimens of plants, animals, fossils, minerals, rocks, and more. Visitors can explore the many exhibits, including the Dinosaur Hall and the Ocean Hall, or attend one of the many events and exhibitions hosted by the museum.,valid
The Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao is one of the most famous contemporary art museums in the world. The museum's collection includes works by many of the most famous contemporary artists, including Jeff Koons, Mark Rothko, and Yves Klein. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Richard Serra exhibition space and the film and video gallery, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam is dedicated to the life and work of Vincent Van Gogh, one of the most famous artists in the world. The museum's collection includes over 200 paintings and 500 drawings by Van Gogh, as well as works by his contemporaries. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Potato Eaters Gallery and the Sunflowers Gallery, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh is one of the most important museums of Scottish history and culture. The museum's collection includes objects related to the country's rich history, as well as art and natural history objects from around the world. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Scottish Galleries and the Discovering Art and Design gallery, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Hermitage Amsterdam is a branch of the famous Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia. The museum's collection includes art and artifacts from the Hermitage's vast collection, with a focus on Dutch and Flemish art. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Portrait Gallery and the Romanovs Gallery, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam is one of the most important art museums in the world, with a collection of art and objects from Dutch history and culture. The museum's collection includes works by famous Dutch artists such as Rembrandt, Vermeer, and Van Gogh. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Gallery of Honor and the Dutch Golden Age Galleries, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam is one of the most important modern and contemporary art museums in the world. The museum's collection includes works by many of the most famous modern and contemporary artists, including Piet Mondrian, Willem de Kooning, and Jeff Koons. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Modern and Contemporary Art department and the Design and Applied Arts department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Museo del Prado in Madrid is one of the most famous art museums in the world, with a collection of art from the 12th century to the early 20th century. The museum's collection includes works by famous artists such as Velazquez, Goya, and El Greco. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Flemish and Dutch School department and the Renaissance and Baroque department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Musée du Louvre in Paris is one of the most famous art museums in the world, with a collection of art from prehistory to the 21st century. The museum's collection includes works by famous artists such as Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, and Rembrandt. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Italian Renaissance department and the Egyptian Antiquities department, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Uffizi Gallery in Florence is one of the most important art museums in the world, with a collection of art from the Italian Renaissance period. The museum's collection includes works by famous Italian artists such as Botticelli, Michelangelo, and Leonardo da Vinci. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Room of Botticelli and the Gallery of Statues and Paintings, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
The Vatican Museums in Vatican City are one of the most important art museums in the world, with a collection of art and artifacts from the Catholic Church's vast history. The museum's collection includes works by famous artists such as Raphael, Michelangelo, and Caravaggio. Visitors can explore the many galleries, including the Sistine Chapel and the Pinacoteca Vaticana, or attend one of the many exhibitions and events hosted by the museum.,valid
Senso-ji Temple is one of the most popular and oldest temples in Tokyo. It was founded in the 7th century and has become a must-see destination for many visitors. The temple features a large gate, called the Kaminarimon, which leads to a shopping street lined with traditional shops selling souvenirs and street food. The main hall of the temple, called the Hondo, is also a popular attraction and features intricate wood carvings and decorations.,valid
Meiji Shrine is a popular Shinto shrine located in Tokyo. It was built in honor of Emperor Meiji and his wife, Empress Shoken. Visitors can walk through the large torii gate and enter the serene forest that surrounds the shrine. The main hall of the shrine is an impressive structure made of cypress wood and features intricate carvings and decorations.,valid
Kinkaku-ji, also known as the Golden Pavilion, is a famous temple in Kyoto. The temple features a three-story building covered in gold leaf and surrounded by a large garden with a pond. Visitors can take a stroll around the garden and enjoy the peaceful atmosphere, or view the temple from different angles to fully appreciate its beauty.,valid
Fushimi Inari Taisha is a large shrine located in Kyoto, known for its thousands of vermilion torii gates. The shrine is dedicated to Inari, the god of rice and prosperity. Visitors can take a leisurely hike through the torii gates, which lead to a mountain with a beautiful view of the city.,valid
Todai-ji Temple is a famous temple located in Nara. It is home to the largest bronze Buddha statue in the world, which is over 16 meters tall. Visitors can also explore the temple's beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which is home to many tame deer.,valid
Horyu-ji is a famous temple located in Nara and is known as one of the oldest wooden buildings in the world. The temple features a five-story pagoda and many ancient Buddhist artifacts, including the oldest wooden statue of Buddha.,valid
Toshogu Shrine is a famous shrine located in Nikko, Tochigi Prefecture. The shrine is dedicated to the shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu and features beautiful architecture and decorations. Visitors can explore the many buildings and shrines in the complex, including the famous Yomeimon Gate and the Five-Story Pagoda.,valid
Itsukushima Shrine is a famous shrine located on the island of Miyajima near Hiroshima. The shrine is known for its unique design, which appears to float on the water at high tide. Visitors can take a ferry to the island and explore the shrine and its surroundings, including the famous "floating" torii gate.,valid
Byodo-in Temple is a famous temple located in Uji, Kyoto Prefecture. The temple features a beautiful Phoenix Hall, which is surrounded by a large pond and garden. The hall is considered to be one of the most beautiful buildings in Japan and is a popular destination for tourists and locals alike.,valid
Daigo-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful cherry blossom trees. The temple features a large pagoda and many beautiful gardens and buildings. Visitors can take a leisurely stroll through the temple grounds and enjoy the beautiful scenery.,valid
Sanjusangendo is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its 1001 wooden statues of the goddess of mercy, Kannon. The temple features a long hall with these statues arranged in 10 rows, creating a unique and awe-inspiring atmosphere. Visitors can also admire the intricate carvings and paintings on the walls and ceilings of the hall.,valid
Kiyomizu-dera is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful wooden structure that overlooks the city. The temple features a large veranda that provides stunning views of the city, as well as a beautiful waterfall that is believed to have healing powers. Visitors can also explore the temple's beautiful gardens and surrounding area.,valid
Zenko-ji is a famous temple located in Nagano and is known for its beautiful architecture and rich history. The temple features a large gate that leads to a peaceful courtyard with beautiful gardens and a large main hall. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area and discover the many shrines and monuments that are hidden throughout the temple grounds.,valid
Yakushiji is a famous temple located in Nara and is known for its beautiful architecture and ancient history. The temple features a large pagoda and many beautiful halls and shrines that showcase the traditional Japanese style of architecture. Visitors can also explore the beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which is home to many tame deer.,valid
Kofuku-ji is a famous temple located in Nara and is known for its beautiful five-story pagoda and many ancient artifacts. The temple features many beautiful halls and shrines, including the National Treasure Museum, which houses many important artifacts from Japanese history. Visitors can also explore the beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which is home to many tame deer.,valid
Enryaku-ji is a famous temple located in Shiga and is known for its beautiful setting atop a mountain. The temple features many beautiful halls and shrines, including the famous Konpon Chudo Hall, which is home to many important Buddhist artifacts. Visitors can also explore the beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which offers stunning views of Lake Biwa and the surrounding mountains.,valid
Eiheiji is a famous temple located in Fukui and is known for its beautiful gardens and strict practice of Zen Buddhism. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Sanmon Gate and the Butsuden Hall, which houses a beautiful statue of Buddha. Visitors can also explore the beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which offers a peaceful and serene atmosphere.,valid
Todai-ji is a famous temple located in Wakayama and is known for its beautiful architecture and rich history. The temple features a large hall with a beautiful statue of Buddha, as well as many other beautiful halls and buildings. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful gardens and shrines.,valid
Nanzen-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful gardens and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Sanmon Gate and the Hojo Hall, which houses many beautiful paintings and other artwork. Visitors can also explore the beautiful gardens and surrounding area, which offers a peaceful and serene atmosphere.,valid
Tofuku-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful autumn colors and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful gardens and buildings, including the famous Tsutenkyo Bridge, which offers stunning views of the surrounding area. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful shrines and monuments.,valid
Byodo-in is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful architecture and serene atmosphere. The temple features a beautiful Phoenix Hall, which houses a large statue of Buddha and many other important artifacts. Visitors can also explore the surrounding gardens and ponds, which offer a peaceful and serene atmosphere.,valid
Higashi Honganji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful architecture and rich history. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Goeido Hall, which houses a beautiful statue of Shinran Shonin. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful gardens and shrines.,valid
Myoshin-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful gardens and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Taizoin Garden, which is home to many beautiful flowers and plants. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful shrines and monuments.,valid
Nishi Honganji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful architecture and rich history. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Amidado Hall, which houses a beautiful statue of Amida Buddha. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful gardens and shrines.,valid
Ryoan-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful rock garden and serene atmosphere. The temple features a beautiful rock garden with 15 rocks arranged in a unique and awe-inspiring pattern. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful gardens and shrines.,valid
Daitoku-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful gardens and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Daisen-in Garden, which is home to many beautiful flowers and plants. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful shrines and monuments.,valid
Shitenno-ji is a famous temple located in Osaka and is known for its beautiful architecture and rich history. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Five-story Pagoda and the Kondo Hall, which houses many important artifacts. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful gardens and shrines.,valid
Tenryu-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful gardens and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Sogenchi Garden, which is home to many beautiful flowers and plants. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful shrines and monuments.,valid
Ginkaku-ji is a famous temple located in Kyoto and is known for its beautiful gardens and serene atmosphere. The temple features many beautiful halls and buildings, including the famous Silver Pavilion and the Togudo Hall, which houses many important artifacts. Visitors can also explore the surrounding area, which is home to many beautiful shrines and monuments.,valid
Even the briefest visit to this Palladian mansion, with extensive Italianate gardens, will give a sense of the inequality which existed in Ireland during the 18th-century when Powerscourt was built. Originally built by Richard Cassels between 1731 and 1743, the main building was the subject of continued rejuvenation for generations to come, with considerable alterations being made in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries. The last chapter in this story of renovation would not arrive until 1974 when, tragically gutted by fire, the mansion was subjected to a painstaking restoration that continues to this day. This, sadly, restricts visitor access to the first (i.e. ground) floor. The formal gardens, redesigned in the Nineteenth Century by Daniel Robinson, are truly breathtaking in their beauty and encompass a panoply of different landscaping styles. Set amidst the Powerscourt Estate and its grounds, you will also find a hotel, a cafe, several homeware and gift shops, two golf courses and a distillery. A 6km drive from the house will take you to the Powerscourt Waterfall, Ireland's highest Waterfall. Walking to the Waterfall is not recommended as there are no footpaths next to the road.,valid
An ancient monastic settlement, Glendalough (meaning: Valley of the Two Lakes) presents today's visitors with a chance to walk not only through the idyllic hills of Ireland's East, but also through the rough-hewn landscapes of ancient Irish history. Founded in the Sixth century by St. Kevin, who as a boy was sent to Glendalough where he later returned to found the monastery. His writings, which include the fighting of "knights" at Glendalough, are today understood to mean St. Kevin fighting his own personal temptations. As his fame grew within holy circles, so too did his followers. After St. Kevin's death in 618, the monastery prospered over the following six centuries. At its zenith, Glendalough was one of the most powerful religious centres in Europe. The Irish annals, a chronicle of Irish history, contain mentions of raids on the settlement and the deaths of its abbots. By the start of the Fifteenth century, this stronghold was in decline but the stone monuments and buildings remain as evocative and powerful today as they surely must have been then. In 1042, the second-longest Viking longship ever recorded was built using oak timber from Glendalough. Today, there is a replica of the ship, built in 2004, in Roskilde, Denmark. Glendalough is a destination on many of our tours of Ireland.,valid
A thousand years older than Stonehenge, Bru na Boinne is a huge Neolithic necropolis, built to house the bodies of the social elites who ruled this region of ancient Ireland. Covering a large area, Bru na Boinne is perhaps best known for three main sites - Newgrange, Knowth and Dowth (Dowth is closed to tourists). A must-see on any Ireland Tour. As well as being older than Stonehenge, Newgrange is also older than the Egyptian Pyramids. It is made up of roughly 200,000 tonnes of rock and other materials. At its widest point, it reaches 279 feet. Built between 3200 and 3100 BC, the majority of the 547 slabs that form the inner passage are thought to have come from sites 5 km away and some coming as far as 20 km away. Archaeologists believe that Newgrange would have taken the local Neolithic people a minimum of 30 years to finish. The original purpose of the structure is not clear. Some believe that it was used for burial purposes while others believe that it was used solely as a place of worship. Another theory is that, as the Neolithic people were sun worshippers, and the sun's rays are perfectly captured through the passageway on the shortest day of the year (the Winter Solstice), Newgrange was built as a way of paying homage to the sun. The exhibition at the Bru na Boinne Visitor Centre tells the history of Newgrange, Knowth and Dowth. You will find a full-scale replica of the chamber of Newgrange here and a full model of a smaller tomb at Knowth. The visitor centre has recently received a major update.,valid
Perched on the banks of the River Shannon, Clonmacnoise is perhaps the foremost of Ireland's many monastic cities. For those interested in early Christianity, it is a must-see destination. Enclosed within the ancient city walls are various ecclesiastical ruins including a cathedral, seven ancient churches, three high crosses, round towers and the largest collection of Early Christian grave slabs in Western Europe - all remarkably well-preserved and fascinating to anyone, not just those with a special interest in Ireland's religious history. The cathedral is perhaps the most logical starting point after the museum. Built in 909AD, it has been significantly altered over the years. The 15th Century Gothic doorway with carvings of St Francis is worth a few minutes of closer scrutiny. Clonmacnoise's small churches are known as temples; a derivation from the Gaelic teampall. Each has its own distinctive character, and states of preservation vary significantly. Giving each of these sites the attention they deserve, not to mention the many sites outside the city walls, will not be easy for those bringing young families. But, for grown-ups interested in history, Clonmacnoise is a fascinating and vivid realisation of Ireland's past.,valid
The Hill of Tara was once the seat of the High Kings of Ireland. According to legend, a quarter of all the landscape of Ireland can be seen from atop the hill and, at one time, every road in Ireland led there. Before it was used by the High Kings of Ireland, archaeologists believe that the focus of the area was a Neolithic passage tomb, dating back to 3,200 BC. The inauguration stone of the King of Tara, known as the Stone of Destiny, still stands today, in an area known as The Royal Seat. The Battle of Tara, which took place on the 26th of May 1798, saw the United Irishmen & Defenders suffer a heavy defeat at the hands of government forces. Two headstones on the hill commemorate the battle. From 1899 to 1902 the land around the Hill of Tara was extensively excavated by a group known as the British Israelites. The excavations resulted from the group's belief that the Holy Covenant was buried there, based on a connection between the Bible, Ireland and Egypt. Nothing of interest was found.,valid
The 18th-century Anglo-Irish gentry left plenty of reminders of the opulence they enjoyed, as the Powerscourt Estate (above) will attest. But even among the many stately homes of Ireland, Castletown House stands out as Ireland's largest and most imposing Georgian estate. Built over a period of ten years from 1722, the house itself was to be the home of Ireland's richest man, William Conolly (1662-1729) who died three years before the house was completed. The speaker of the Irish House of Commons, Conolly was something of a rags-to-riches figure who had made his fortune from astute property trading in the flux which followed the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. This palatial mansion is built in the Italian style and retains a cohesive architectural identity despite the mixed contributions of first- and second-wave architects, not to mention Conolly's creative widow. Visitors will enjoy the Long Gallery, in particular, which houses a large number of impressive family portraits and stucco work by the Francinis.,valid
Just over a mile south of Kildare town, The Irish National stud is perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in this part of Ireland. In her historic 2011 visit to Ireland, Queen Elizabeth II fed her passion for all things equestrian by visiting the stud which is home to some of the world's finest horses. Owned by the Irish government, the stud breeds competition-quality stallions for breeding programs the world over. Hourly guided tours of the stud bring you face-to-face with renowned stallions and feature a visit to the intensive-care unit for newly-born foals and visitors between February and June can even see foals being delivered.,valid
Fought in 1690 between two rival claimants of the English, Scottish, and Irish thrones, Catholic King James II and protestant King William III of Orange, the Battle of The Boyne would shore up the growing strength of Protestantism in Ireland, precipitating James's swift departure for safety in France. The battle itself was fought on a stretch of land between the counties of Meath and Louth which now belongs to the Oldbridge Estate Farm. On-site, there is a visitor centre with a short show, original and replica weapons, and a battlefield model. There is also a tea pavilion to which the battle-weary can retreat for hot drinks and cakes.,valid
Accessible by car, this is also one for the thousands of hillwalkers who visit Ireland each year. Sally Gap offers visitors some of the most beautiful scenery you will find anywhere on your tour of Ireland, so don't forget to bring your camera. Along the way, you'll find breathtaking views of the surrounding blanket bog and the stunning Wicklow Mountains. The road through Sally Gap, which to this day is still known as Military Road, was created by the British Army in 1798. The primary aim of the road was to flush opposition rebels from the hills. Along Military Road, you'll find Glencree's Visitor Centre, which was originally used as a base by British soldiers guarding the pass. You'll also come across Glencree War Cemetery. The cemetery is Ireland's only German Military resting place, it contains the graves of Luftwaffe Air Force pilots who crash-landed in the area, and members of the Kriegsmarine Navy who would have washed up on the surrounding beaches.,valid
The many small towns along Ireland's east coast are a dream for anyone wanting to uncover the real face of Ireland, known and loved by the locals. As just one example, while perhaps less well known for its own tourist attractions, Kildare Town remains a great little stop-off for those who want to experience the bustle of East-Ireland life. Similarly, Trim in County Meath is a quaint town sitting in the shadow of its dramatic castle and ruins. You'll find a busy bustle of little streets so look out for your souvenirs here. Also, look out for St Brigid's Cathedral before heading over to the Irish National Stud. Another town of note, 30 miles north of Dublin, Drogheda straddles the River Boyne. There is a great museum here and plenty of beautiful old buildings.,valid
The Jealous Wall is a 'sham-ruin' or folly, a building designed with no other reason apart from decoration, constructed in Belvedere House and Gardens, County Westmeath. It is one of three Gothic follies found on the gardens, along with the Gothic Arch & the Octagonal Gazebo. It is said to have been built by Robert Rochfort as a way to block the view of his brother George's house. George, apparently, had a nicer-looking house.,valid
Revealing the location of this small beach could land us in some hot water with the locals. Silver Strand Beach, about a 10-minute drive from Wicklow Town, remains relatively unknown compared to the beaches closer to Dublin: Howth and Portmarnock. The difference between those two beaches and Silver Strand is that Silver Strand is never overcrowded and has silky smooth sand instead of fine course stones disguised as sand. The cliffs surrounding the beach keep the wind to a minimum and the blue water, combined with the silky sand, could trick you into thinking that you are on a beach in the Mediterranean... weather permitting of course.,valid
Lough Dan is a picturesque, boomerang-shaped, lake in County Wicklow. It remains relatively unknown by tourists but is hugely popular with locals for kayaking and hiking. Lough Dan has an average depth of 44ft. There are various small accommodation options in the area for the many visitors who find that one day just isn't enough in this truly idyllic setting.,valid
Since peace returned to Belfast in the late 1990s, Northern Ireland's capital has undergone an astonishing transformation. Once tied in with sectarian violence and, perhaps cruelly, lumped in with Bosnia, Beiruit and Baghdad on the list of places for globe-trotting tourists to avoid, the city is now a modern, thriving and cosmopolitan hub of hotels, restaurants and family-friendly attractions. This transformation is made all the more evident in cultural representations of the region, which have at last moved beyond the all-too-predictable film and TV depictions of The Troubles with which the city become all but synonymous. Just as Northern Ireland has garnered attention as the eye-catching backdrop to Game of Thrones, creating a sub-industry of its own comparable to "Tolkien Tourism", Belfast has gained added prominence as the location of the hit BBC drama series The Fall starring Gillian Anderson (The X Files, Hannibal) and Jamie Dornan (50 Shades of Gray).,valid
According to Gaelic mythology, the causeway was built by the giant Fionn mac Cumhaill (Finn MacCool) so that he could reach Scotland and fight with his Scottish rival, Benandonner. As with all great rivalries, the outcome varies depending on whose version is being recounted. More scientific data suggests that the spectacular formation is a result of an ancient volcanic fissure eruption around 50 to 60 million years ago. The 40,000 interlocking basalt columns were formed through the cooling and contracting of the resultant lava. In 1693, the causeway began to enjoy international acclaim; Sir Richard Bulkeley, of Trinity College, mentioned the phenomenon in a paper presented to the Royal Society of London. In 1739, Susanna Drury really kick-started the global love affair with Giant's Causeway through her watercolour paintings, which were later engraved in 1743. One legendary status which is not disputed, though, is the Causeway's immense pulling power as a tourist destination, with 750,000 visitors making the trip annually. Here, tourists can enjoy not only the geological feature itself, but also the modern and impressive Giant's Causeway Visitor Experience.,valid
Although Derry's recent transformation is perhaps less dramatic than that of Belfast, visitors who come to Derry expecting a city still darkened by the long shadows of The Troubles will almost certainly be pleasantly surprised. In anticipation of the city's status as UK City of Culture 2013, Derry received considerable investment and underwent a rejuvenating makeover. Visitors and locals alike can look to the Peace Bridge, Ebrington Square, the redeveloped waterfront and the Guildhall area as examples of a city which has shaken off its outdated stereotype, under whose weight Derry had unfairly served as a metaphor for Ulster's violent past. In the city which greets tourists so warmly today, visitors will find plenty of enjoyable diversions. Visitors who wish to gain the fullest appreciation of this side of Derry should make time for Free Derry Corner, the Bloody Sunday Memorial, the People's Gallery Murals and the Museum of Free Derry. View the Visit Derry website for more information.,valid
The angular edifice which houses The Titanic Experience is so evocative of the transformation which Belfast has undergone in recent years that it has become almost as iconic as the ill-fated ship to whose short history this attraction is dedicated. An extensive multimedia tribute to the world's most famous ocean liner, The Titanic Experience is located at the top of the slipway from which the ship made its first and only descent into the Belfast Lough and the waters of the Irish Sea beyond. Opened in 2012 for the centenary of the ship's launch and tragic demise, the museum has rapidly become Ulster's most visited tourist destination, outstripping even The Giant's Causeway. Cleverly put together, the attraction encapsulates more than simply the scale of the ship, more even than the scale of the disaster which befell it; drawing on all the sights, sounds and smells of the age, the museum recreates all facets of this most fascinating period of history, bringing to life the experiences not only of the passengers but also of the ship workers who realized this vision of early twentieth century engineering.,valid
Although their history spans over a century, and although they began as a unionist motif, it was in the early 1980s that Belfast's iconic murals would gain the prominence that now draws tourists, when Republican depictions of the infamous hunger strike of Bobby Sands and his follow prisoners began to spread across Republican districts of the city. For two decades, murals on both sides of the city voiced the deep divisions between communities whose differences seemed insurmountable. On the Unionist side, the imagery was chiefly militaristic, with slogans like "No Surrender" a near-constant refrain. In Republican communities, depictions drew on a more diverse palette of cultural and historical symbolism, but their message was no less clear and no less divisive.,valid
Lording it over an open expanse of fountains and marbled stone, Guildhall rises to majestic heights to take its place on the Derry skyline. A £10m renovation in 2013 has brought the very best out of what was already a magnificent structure of stone and stained glass. As well serving an important civic function for the city (it was the seat of the historic Bloody Sunday Inquiry headed by Lord Saville from 2000 to 2005), Guildhall has become a nexus for Derry tourism and a focal point for most visits here. View the Visit Derry website for more information.,valid
Ireland's first attempt at town planning, modelled in 1545 on the French town of Vitry-le-François. Visit derrywalls.com for further information. Those interested in architecture should allow time to visit St Columb's Cathedral, situated within the city walls.,valid
A handy stop-off point between The Giant's Causeway and Ballycastle, the Carrick-a-Rede rope bridge is a dizzying experience to be enjoyed or studiously avoided, depending on your head for heights. Looking like something from an Indiana Jones movie, the rope bridge conveys locals and tourists alike across the 20-metre chasm between the sea cliffs and the island of Carrick-a-Rede. The bridge which draws visitors today is actually a stronger and safer version of the original which was put up every spring by fishermen whose nets, cast from the island's northern cliffs, would intercept migrating salmon. Today, there is a small visitor centre, a café and a car park.,valid
Glenariff Waterfall Walk is one of a series of walks in the Glenariff Forest Park, County Antrim. The forest is laid out with pathways and steps for people to explore. It might take up to 2 hours walking to reach the payoff, the waterfall, but it is well worth the wait. The walk which leads to the waterfall is a little strenuous and is not advisable for everyone. The steps are steeper and can become slippery on approach.,valid
Ballymacdermott Court Tomb, located on Ballymacdermott Mountain in County Armagh, is a megalith portal tomb. It dates from between 4000 and 2500 B.C. The tomb was excavated twice, in 1816 and 1962. The first excavation unearthed pulverised human bones in an urn while the second discovered human cremations. During the second excavation, archaeologists found that some of the stones in the tomb had been recently disturbed, locals informed them that this was caused by an American tank during World War II.,valid
The Stairway to Heaven, officially known as the Cuilcagh Mountain Trail, is a 4 and a half-mile walkway through bogland in County Fermanagh. The walkway was constructed to protect the rare blanket bog that was being eroded by walkers in the area. The walkway ascends to over 550 metres to the Cuilcagh Mountain face.,valid
Ireland has more than its fair share of outstanding archaeological sites, but the Rock of Cashel is arguably the most impressive. The 'rock' from which it takes its name is, in fact, a limestone hill, covered in luscious green, rising from the plain which characterises the surrounding area. The word 'cashel', by contrast, is derived from the Irish Gaelic word caiseal, meaning stone fortress. In both respects, the Rock of Cashel lives up to its title. The rock itself is vast and imposing, and one can only imagine the difficulties it would have posed for attackers throughout the ages who had designs on the stone fortress above. The masonry of the fort itself is no less spectacular and is remarkably well preserved almost a full millennium after its original construction. The history of the site itself is long and varied. First used as a base for Welsh invaders, the Eóghanachta clan, who would become kings of this region of Ireland. The clan, and hence the rock, have been closely associated with St. Patrick (considered by many historians to be a Welshman), earning Cashel's pseudonym, St. Patrick's Rock. Although under Eóghanachta rule, Cashel would rival Tara as Ireland's centre of power, it was wrested from their control in the Tenth Century before being presented to the Church in 1101. The site would change hands many times again in the centuries to follow, giving rise to the various buildings whose remains now occupy it.,valid
Waterford Crystal is known the world over for its quality and, throughout a history that dates back to its establishment in the South-East of Ireland in 1783, it has been a landmark of its own in this part of Ireland. Today, Waterford Crystal is no less recognisable than its sister brands, Wedgewood and Royal Doulton. The visitor centre is a modern building on The Mall, a tour of which teaches visitors how crystal is made. Undoubtedly the most popular part of the tour is the blowing room, where the crystal glasses, vases, etc. are 'blown' into shape.,valid
A picture-postcard Irish destination found on the banks of the River Nore, Kilkenny has all the charm and history you could ask for. An ancient setting, with its castle and cathedral, it is home to many equally ancient pubs, where good craic and good live music are assured. Kilkenny also has a great selection of restaurants to choose from. The Medieval Mile, connecting the 13th century St. Canice's Cathedral and the 12th century Kilkenny Castle, lets you chart a journey through the city while exploring its beginnings. The city is a real hidden gem: although many first-time visitors don't put it at the top of their 'must-see' list, almost everyone who travels here is glad that they made the journey. Kilkenny, in recent years, has gained a reputation as one of Ireland's more cosmopolitan cities. During the summer months, there are endless festivals and general goings-on to enjoy.,valid
Like the Rock of Cashel, Tintern Abbey owes its heritage to Wales, founded as it was by the Earl of Pembroke in the Thirteenth Century for the benefit of its Welsh monk inhabitants. Today, there remains a Welsh counterpart with the same name. The abbey became the living quarters of the Colclough family in the 16th century and has a long history as a private residence. 45-minute guided tours of the property are available. Much of the original building still stands, including the cloister walls and crossing tower, as well as the chancel and transept chapels. But visitors will enjoy the surroundings at least as much as the abbey itself, with lakes, streams, woods and ruins providing distractions for all age groups. Perhaps most alluring of all is the Colclough Walled Garden, built over 200 years ago and restored since 2010. During these restorations and conservations works, special measures have been taken to protect local bat colonies.,valid
One of Europe's oldest cities with a rich Viking heritage, today's Waterford retains its charming old-world feel. Its intersecting narrow streets and alleyways lead visitors on mini journeys of discovery as they explore. As well as the well-known House of Waterford Crystal, visitors should look out for the Waterford Treasures museums: the Medieval Museum, Reginald's Tower and Bishop's Palace. A must-see destination for all foodies visiting Ireland, Dungarvan is home to the regular farmers' market, the Waterford Festival of Food, and the Tannery Restaurant and Cooking School. Only a short walking distance or short cycle from Waterford City, you will find the Waterford Greenway. This cycling and walking route follows the old railway lines along the coast. You can rent a bicycle in Waterford City to explore the 46 km route and discover the many attractions and stops along the way.,valid
The Glen of Aherlow is a valley found in the western part of County Tipperary, between the Slievenamuck and Galtee Mountains. The main village of the valley is Lisvarrinane. The Irish poet and Catholic priest Geoffrey Keating took refuge in the caves of the valley while on the run and writing his masterpiece 'Foundation of Knowledge on Ireland'. Keen walkers and occasional strollers will be equally glad they looked up the eight looped walking trails that are marked here. Five of these start at the Christ the King Trail Head. The rest all begin at Lisvarinane Village Trail Head. Distances range from one mile to four miles.,valid
The Swiss Cottage is located near the town of Cahir in County Tipperary. It was built around 1810 by Richard Butler, the first Earl of Glengall—who later went on to marry Emily Jeffereys of Blarney Castle. The cottage was a part of the estate of Lord and Lady Cahir and gets its name due to its resemblance to an Alpine cottage. The most striking feature of the Swiss Cottage is its traditional thatched roof. The woodwork, on the exterior of the cottage, was designed to resemble tree branches. The interior features a spiral staircase and colourful, nature-inspired décor. The salon is decorated with wallpaper manufactured by the Dufour factory. During the 19th century, the cottage was used by the local gentry as a place where they could, in one of the stranger pass times of the times, live as peasants. Judging by the lavish interior of the cottage, in comparison with the homes that actual peasants would have lived in, the gentry were a long way off finding realism here. The Irish Georgian Society restored the cottage in 1985 and was opened to the public in 1989 as a historic house museum.,valid
Dunmore East is a fishing village in County Waterford. It is located in an area that saw a huge influx of Norman and Viking invaders and eventually settlers (circa 795-1170 B.C). There are mentions of the village being active as a fishing port as far back as 1745. At the time, the homes of the fishermen were mainly located in the Lower Village. A historical document, from 1776, mentions that there was a fishing fleet of as many as fifty boats working off the coast. In 1812, the British government made the decision to locate a new landing port for passengers and mail, coming from England to Ireland, in Dunmore East. The construction of the pier took until 1837 to complete, at a cost of £108,000. By then the decision was made to have the Royal Mail station relocated to Waterford City. Today, Dunmore East is a thriving village, buoyed mainly by fishing throughout the year and by tourism in the summer, thanks in part to the huge number of cruise liners that dock there.,valid
The 18th-century is perhaps one of the most formative times in the history of Western democracy. It is also one of the bloodiest. The American and French revolutions would have a significant effect on the Irish sense of identity, not to mention the revolutionary spirit which ran through it. The 1798 Rebellion Centre charts the history of the attempted revolution of that year, thwarted by British military superiority and the ruthless deployment of spies, informants and torture tactics. After a bruising campaign, the Irish rebels regrouped on Vinegar Hill in Enniscorthy, County Wexford, where they would make their final stand against the British. The result was a crushing defeat for the Irish, whose superior numbers could not make up for the firepower of the redcoats below. Armed mostly with pikes, the Irish dead would number high in the thousands. The museum offers a 4D audiovisual interpretation of the battle.,valid
With its monumental round tower, St Canice's Cathedral rises majestically above the north of Kilkenny's city centre. Perhaps understandably so: ranking just behind St Patrick's in Dublin, it is Ireland's second-largest medieval cathedral. Gothic in style, it is characterized by its iconic round tower which affords commanding views of the surrounding area. There are only two round towers in Ireland that you are allowed to climb and this is one of them. The history of the building itself, long and varied, began - at least according to legend - in the Sixth Century with the establishment of a monastery there by St Canice, Kilkenny's patron saint. Inside the building you will find the tomb of Bishop Ledrede. In the 14th Century, the bishop accused Alice Kyteler of witchcraft. The first person in the Irish records condemned for Witchcraft,valid
Founded in the second half of the Twelfth century and recently partially restored, Jerpoint Abbey is one of Ireland's finest Cistercian ruins. It is located close to Thomastown in County Kilkenny. The main church, with its Romanesque flourishes, dates from these earliest days in the abbey's long history, but visitors will also find tombs dating from the thirteenth and sixteenth centuries, the tower and the cloisters date back to the fifteenth century. Look out for figures carved into the cloister pillars, some of them are quite entertaining. The abbey itself was built around 1180 and was dedicated to the Virgin Mary. Jerpoint Abbey continued to prosper until the English King, Henry VIII, called for the 'Dissolution of the Monasteries' between 1536 and 1541. The last abbot of the abbey, Oliver Grace, surrendered it to the king during this time. Since 1880, Jerpoint Abbey has been classified as a national monument and has been in the care of the Office of Public Works.,valid
A secluded seaside village in Waterford, Ardmore attracts summer visitors to its long, sandy beach, as well as its cliff walks, shops and early Christian monuments. Visitors should add to their to-do list any and all of the following depending on your interests and group make-up: St Declan's Cathedral and Round Tower, Ballyquin Beach and Ardmore Pottery which will leave you well placed to finish the day with a cliff-top stroll before dinner.,valid
Dungarvan is a harbour town located at the heart of County Waterford, nestled beneath the Comeragh mountains. It has a population of just over 9,000 people, which increases significantly during the summer months. An excavation in Dungarvan, in the late 1800s, unearthed Ireland's only ever recording of Mammoth elephant bones. The town became one of Ireland's first urban centres, after a large Anglo-Norman fortification was established here in the 12th century. In 1649, Oliver Cromwell chose not to attack the town after a woman offered him wine as his army marched across the city gates. Over recent years, Dungarvan has gained a reputation as a must-see destination for all foodies visiting Ireland, it is home to the regular farmers' market, the Waterford Festival of Food, and the Tannery Restaurant & Cooking School.,valid
This stunning region of south-east Ireland was declared a European Geopark in 2001 and a UNESCO Global Geopark in 2004. It earned its name following generations of metal-mining industry, the legacies of which now make the region such a tourist attraction. Today, it retains all of its geological diversity, with various marked walking trails offering unique access to this most charming face of Ireland stretching over 17kms of rugged coastline from Kilfarrasy to Stradbally. Visit the exhibition, suitable for all ages, at Copper Coast Geopark centre to learn more about the history of copper mining and the geology of the area. Pick up one of the walking trail cards there as well on the different trails and walks near Annetstown, Boastrand, Bunmahon, Dunhill, Fenor, Stradbally... Audio tours and guide services on the trails of the Copper Coast are also available.,valid
Madison Square Garden is an iconic basketball stadium located in the heart of New York City. It is home to the New York Knicks and has been the site of many memorable games and events throughout its history. The stadium has undergone several renovations over the years and now features state-of-the-art technology, including a massive LED video screen and a revamped sound system. Madison Square Garden is also home to the New York Rangers hockey team and hosts many other events throughout the year, such as concerts, boxing matches, and other sporting events.,valid
The Staples Center is a modern basketball stadium located in Los Angeles and is home to both the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Clippers. The stadium features state-of-the-art amenities, including luxury boxes, restaurants, and bars. It has been the site of many memorable games and events over the years, including several NBA championships and the 2004 Democratic National Convention. The Staples Center also hosts many other events throughout the year, such as concerts, award shows, and other sporting events.,valid
The United Center is a famous basketball stadium located in Chicago and is home to both the Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Blackhawks. It was built in 1994 to replace the old Chicago Stadium and has been the site of many memorable games and events over the years. The stadium features several state-of-the-art amenities, including luxury boxes, restaurants, and bars. The United Center also hosts many other events throughout the year, such as concerts and other sporting events.,valid
The Oracle Arena is a famous basketball stadium located in Oakland and is home to the Golden State Warriors. It has been the site of many memorable games and events over the years, including several NBA championships. The stadium features several state-of-the-art amenities, including luxury boxes, restaurants, and bars. The Oracle Arena also hosts many other events throughout the year, such as concerts and other sporting events.,valid
The Chesapeake Energy Arena is a modern basketball stadium located in Oklahoma City and is home to the Oklahoma City Thunder. It has been the site of many memorable games and events over the years, including several NBA championships. The stadium features several state-of-the-art amenities, including luxury boxes, restaurants, and bars. The Chesapeake Energy Arena also hosts many other events throughout the year, such as concerts and other sporting events.,valid
Hello, citizens of the galaxy! My name is John and I am running for the position of Space Police. I believe that the safety and security of our vast universe are of utmost importance. With my experience in law enforcement and my dedication to justice, I am confident that I can keep our galaxy safe. As a Space Police officer, my top priority will be to protect our citizens from all forms of crime. I will work tirelessly to ensure that all individuals are held accountable for their actions, no matter where they may be in the galaxy. I will also work to prevent future crimes from occurring through education and outreach. One of the biggest challenges facing our galaxy is the rise of intergalactic terrorism. As Space Police, it will be my duty to fight against these dangerous groups and to protect our citizens from harm. I will work with other law enforcement agencies to share intelligence and take coordinated action against those who seek to do us harm. In order to be an effective Space Police officer, it is crucial to be technologically proficient. I have extensive training in the latest technologies and am confident that I can use them to track down and apprehend criminals, as well as to prevent crime from occurring in the first place. As Space Police, I will also prioritize the protection of our environment. Our galaxy is home to countless unique and delicate ecosystems, and we must do everything in our power to preserve them for future generations. I will work to ensure that all individuals and corporations are held accountable for their actions that may harm our planet. I understand that the galaxy is home to individuals from all walks of life, and I am committed to promoting diversity and inclusivity in my work as Space Police. No matter a person's background, they deserve to feel safe and secure, and I will work to ensure that everyone is treated with the respect and dignity that they deserve. The role of Space Police is not just about enforcing the law, it is also about maintaining order and stability throughout the galaxy. As Space Police, I will work to foster positive relationships between different planets and species, and to promote peace and cooperation across the galaxy. I am committed to transparency and accountability in my work as Space Police. I will regularly communicate with the public about my actions and decisions, and will be open to feedback and criticism from all members of the community. I believe that transparency is key to building trust between law enforcement and the public. As Space Police, I will also work to promote economic development throughout the galaxy. A healthy economy can help to reduce crime and improve the quality of life for all citizens. I will work with business owners and other stakeholders to create opportunities for growth and prosperity, while also ensuring that all economic activities are conducted in an ethical and responsible manner. In conclusion, I am confident that I am the best candidate for the role of Space Police. I have the experience, the dedication, and the passion to keep our galaxy safe and secure. I ask for your support in this campaign, and I promise to work tirelessly to earn your trust and your vote. Together, we can build a better and safer future for all citizens of the galaxy. Thank you.,invalid - others
My name is Alex and I am running for the position of Minister of Education on Planet Mars. I believe that education is the foundation of a successful society, and as Minister of Education, I will work to ensure that every citizen has access to high-quality educational opportunities. I will prioritize STEM education and work to ensure that all students have the resources they need to succeed.,invalid - others
Hello, citizens of Mars! My name is Emily and I am running for the position of Minister of Health. As a trained physician, I understand the importance of access to quality healthcare. As Minister of Health, I will work to improve our healthcare infrastructure and ensure that every citizen has access to the care they need to live a healthy and fulfilling life.,invalid - others
My name is James and I am running for the position of Minister of Energy on Planet Mars. I believe that sustainable energy is the key to a successful and prosperous future. As Minister of Energy, I will work to promote the development of renewable energy sources and reduce our reliance on non-renewable energy sources.,invalid - others
As a lifelong environmentalist, I am running for the position of Minister of Environmental Protection on Planet Mars. My name is Sarah and I am committed to protecting the delicate ecosystems of our planet. I will work to reduce pollution, protect endangered species, and promote sustainable living practices.,invalid - others
Hello, fellow Martians! My name is Max and I am running for the position of Minister of Agriculture. I believe that agriculture is the backbone of our society, and as Minister of Agriculture, I will work to promote sustainable farming practices and ensure that every citizen has access to fresh and healthy food.,invalid - others
My name is Olivia and I am running for the position of Minister of Transportation on Planet Mars. As Minister of Transportation, I will work to improve our transportation infrastructure and ensure that every citizen has access to safe, reliable, and affordable transportation options.,invalid - others
I am running for the position of Minister of Science and Technology on Planet Mars. My name is David and I believe that science and technology are the keys to unlocking the potential of our planet. As Minister of Science and Technology, I will work to promote scientific research and development, and to ensure that our society remains on the cutting edge of technological advancement.,invalid - others
My name is Maria and I am running for the position of Minister of Trade and Commerce on Planet Mars. As a successful entrepreneur, I understand the importance of a strong and thriving economy. As Minister of Trade and Commerce, I will work to promote business development and ensure that our economy remains strong and prosperous.,invalid - others
Hello, citizens of Mars! My name is William and I am running for the position of Minister of Defense. I believe that the safety and security of our planet are of utmost importance, and as Minister of Defense, I will work to ensure that our military is well-equipped and well-trained to protect our citizens from all threats. I will also work to promote peace and cooperation with other planets in our solar system.,invalid - others
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing field within computer science, focused on creating intelligent machines that can perform tasks typically requiring human intelligence, such as recognizing images and understanding natural language. With the rise of deep learning algorithms and powerful computer hardware, AI has seen significant progress in recent years, with applications ranging from self-driving cars to natural language processing.,invalid - others
Computer Networks are essential to modern-day computing, allowing computers to communicate and share resources. They enable individuals and businesses to share files, access the internet, and collaborate on projects, among other things. Computer networking involves the use of hardware, software, and protocols to connect computers and devices.,invalid - others
The study of Data Structures is essential to computer science. Data structures are the building blocks used to organize and store data in a computer program. By understanding data structures, computer scientists can optimize program performance and create more efficient code. Common data structures include arrays, linked lists, stacks, and trees.,invalid - others
Cryptography is the study of secure communication and data protection, and is critical to modern-day cybersecurity. Cryptography involves techniques for encrypting data, as well as methods for verifying the authenticity of messages and ensuring that data remains secure. Cryptography is used in everything from online banking to military communications.,invalid - others
Computer Graphics is a field of computer science focused on creating and manipulating images and visual content. Graphics software is used in everything from video games to scientific simulations. Computer graphics involves the use of mathematical algorithms and visual programming languages to create realistic 3D models and animations.,invalid - others
The study of Computer Architecture is concerned with the design and function of computer hardware. It includes topics such as CPU design, memory management, and input/output systems. Understanding computer architecture is essential for optimizing program performance and designing efficient computer systems.,invalid - others
Computer Vision is a subfield of AI concerned with enabling computers to interpret visual information from the world around them. Computer vision involves the use of algorithms and machine learning techniques to analyze images and video. Applications of computer vision include facial recognition, medical imaging, and self-driving cars.,invalid - others
Software Engineering is the process of designing and developing software, including everything from writing code to testing and debugging. Software engineers are responsible for creating software that is reliable, efficient, and meets the needs of users. They use a variety of tools and techniques to design, implement, and maintain software systems.,invalid - others
Database Systems are used to store, organize, and retrieve large amounts of data. Database systems are critical to modern-day businesses and organizations, allowing them to store and manage information about customers, products, and operations. Database systems involve the use of specialized software and hardware to manage data and ensure its security and integrity.,invalid - others
Operating Systems are the software that manages computer hardware and software resources. They provide an interface for users to interact with their computers and enable the execution of computer programs. Operating systems include Windows, macOS, and Linux, among others. Understanding operating systems is essential to optimizing computer performance and maintaining the security and stability of computer systems.,invalid - others
Have you heard about the new movie that just came out? No, what movie is it? It's called "The Invisible Man." It's a thriller about this woman who thinks she's being stalked by her abusive ex, but no one believes her because he supposedly committed suicide. Oh, wow. That sounds intense. It really is. The suspense just keeps building throughout the whole movie. Is it scary? Yeah, there are definitely some jump scares, but it's more of a psychological thriller than a horror movie. Got it. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.,invalid - others
Have you heard about the new pizza place that opened up down the street? No, I haven't. Is it any good? It's amazing! The crust is perfectly crispy, and they have so many unique toppings to choose from.,invalid - others
Did you finish reading the book I recommended? Yes, I did. I loved it! Me too! The characters were so well-developed, and the plot kept me guessing until the end.,invalid - others
What did you think of the concert last night? It was fantastic! The band had so much energy, and the crowd was really into it. I agree. I've never seen so many people dancing and singing along before.,invalid - others
Have you tried the new sushi place in town yet? No, I haven't. Is it any good? It's the best sushi I've ever had! The fish is so fresh, and the presentation is beautiful.,invalid - others
Did you watch the game last night? Yeah, I did. What a comeback! I know, right? I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. It was such an exciting game.,invalid - others
What did you think of the presentation? Honestly, I found it a bit boring. I can see why you would say that, but I thought the speaker made some really interesting points.,invalid - others
Did you see the latest episode of that TV show we like? Yeah, I did. It was so good! I agree. The writing is really clever, and the actors are all so talented.,invalid - others
Have you decided where you want to go on vacation? Not yet. I'm considering a few different places. Well, if you want my recommendation, I would definitely suggest going to Hawaii. The beaches are amazing, and the food is delicious.,invalid - others
How did your interview go? I think it went pretty well. I was able to answer most of the questions. That's great to hear! I'm sure you'll hear back from them soon.,invalid - others
thought i'd end up with sean but he wasn't a match wrote some songs about ricky now i listen and laugh even almost got married and for pete i'm so thankful wish i could say thank you to malcolm 'cause he was an angel  pre one taught me love one taught me patience and one taught me pain now i'm so amazing say i've loved and i've lost but that's not what i see so look what i got look what you taught me and for that i say   thank you next next thank you next next thank you next i'm so fuckin' grateful for my ex thank you next next thank you next next thank you next next i'm so fuckin'   spend more time with my friends i ain't worried 'bout nothin' plus i met someone else we havin' better discussions i know they say i move on too fast but this one gon' last 'cause her name is ari and i'm so good with that so good with that  pre she taught me love love she taught me patience patience how she handles pain pain that shit's amazing yeah she's amazing i've loved and i've lost yeah yeah but that's not what i see yeah yeah 'cause look what i've found yeah yeah ain't no need for searching and for that i say   thank you next thank you next thank you next thank you next thank you next thank you i'm so fuckin' grateful for my ex thank you next thank you next thank you next said thank you next thank you next next i'm so fuckin' grateful for my ex  post thank you next thank you next thank you next i'm so fuckin'   one day i'll walk down the aisle holding hands with my mama i'll be thanking my dad 'cause she grew from the drama only wanna do it once real bad gon' make that shit last god forbid something happens least this song is a smash song is a smash  pre i've got so much love love got so much patience patience and i've learned from the pain pain i turned out amazing turned out amazing say i've loved and i've lost yeah yeah but that's not what i see yeah yeah 'cause look what i've found yeah yeah ain't no need for searching and for that i say   thank you next thank you next thank you next thank you next thank you next i'm so fuckin' grateful for my ex thank you next thank you next thank you next said thank you next thank you next next i'm so fuckin' grateful for my ex  post thank you next thank you next thank you next yeah yee thank you next thank you next thank you next yeah yee,invalid - others
heaven sent you to me i'm just hopin i don't repeat history  pre boy i'm tryna meet your mama on a sunday then make a lotta love on a monday ah ah never need no no no one else babe cause i'll be   switchin' them positions for you cookin' in the kitchen and i'm in the bedroom i'm in the olympics way i'm jumpin' through hoops know my love infinite nothin i wouldnt do that i won't do switchin for you   perfect perfect you're too good to be true you're too good to be true but i get tired of runnin' fuck it now im runnin' with you with you  pre said boy i'm tryna meet your mama on a sunday then make a lotta love on a monday ah ah never need no no no onе else babe 'causе i'll be   switchin' them positions for you cookin' in the kitchen and i'm in the bedroom i'm in the olympics way i'm jumpin' through hoops know my love infinite nothin' i wouldn't do that i won't do switchin' for you cookin' in the kitchen and i'm in the bedroom i'm in the olympics way i'm jumpin' through hoops know my love infinite nothin' i wouldn't do nothin' that i won't do switchin' for you   this some shit that i usually don't do yeah but for you i kinda kinda want to mmm 'cause you're down for me and i'm down too and i'm down too yeah i'm down too switchin' the positions for you this some shit that i yeah usually don't do don't do but for you i kinda kinda want to mmm 'cause you're down for me and i'm down too 'cause you're down for me   switchin' them positions for you cookin' in the kitchen and i'm in the bedroom i'm in the olympics way i'm jumpin' through hoops jumpin' jumpin' know my love infinite nothin' i wouldn't do that i won't do switchin' for you ooh woah cookin' in the kitchen and i'm in the bedroom i'm in the olympics way i'm jumpin' through hoops know my love infinite nothin' i wouldn't do i wouldn't do that i won't do switchin' for you   yeah ah yeah ah ah yeah,invalid - others
doug middlebrook here's the thing youre in love with a version of a person that you've created in your head that you are trying to but cannot fix uh the only person you can fix is yourself i love you this has gone on way too long enough is enough i'm two blocks away im coming over   ariana grande painted a picture i thought i knew you well i got a habit of seeing what isn't there caught in the moment tangled up in your sheets when you broke my heart i said you only wanted half of me  pre ariana grande my imagination's too creative they see demon i see angel angel angel angel without the halo wingless angel   ariana grande falling falling but i never thought you'd leave me falling falling needed something to believe in oh i thought you were the one but it was all in my head it was all in my head skrrt skrrt  post ariana grande yeah look at you you boy i invented you your gucci tennis shoes runnin' from your issues cardio good for the heart for the heart i figured we could work it out hmm   ariana grande painted a picture i thought i drew you well i had a vision seeing what isn't there caught in the moment tangled up in your sheets when you broke my heart said you only wanted half of me  pre ariana grande my imagination's too creative they see cain and i see abel abel abel abel abel i know you're able willin and able   ariana grande falling falling but i thought that you would need me falling falling needed something to believe in oh i thought you were the one but it was all in my head it was all in my head skrrt skrrt  post ariana grande yeah look at you you boy i invented you your gucci tennis shoes runnin from your issues cardio good for the heart for the heart i figured we could work it out hmm   ariana grande wanted you to grow but boy you wasn't budding everything you are made you everything you arent i saw your potential without seein' credentials maybe that's the issue yeah yeah said maybe that's the issue ah cant hold that shit against you ah guess i did it to myself yeah thought you were somebody else you   thought you were somebody else you you thought you were somebody else you,invalid - others
wendy rene after laughter comes tears after laughter comes tears   another night another party sayin' hi to everybody im sorry it's time to leave i gotta leave now got somewhere i gotta be now i'm starving can somebody walk me to my car if i go alone im not gon' make it very far i'm happy for the love and all of the above if i'm being honest i done been through way too much  pre i can't fake another smile i can't fake like i'm alright woo ah woo ah and i won't say im feeling fine after what i been through i cant lie woo ah woo ah   fuck a fake smile smile fuck a fake smile fake smile   i read the things they write about me hear what they're sayin on the tv it's crazy it's gettin' hard for them to shock me but every now and then its shocking don't blame me i know it's the life that i chose but baby i'm grateful i want you to know i'm happy for the love and all of the above if i'm being honest i done been through way too much  pre i can't fake another smile i can't fake like i'm alright woo ah woo ah and i won't say i'm feeling fine after what i been through i can't lie woo ah woo ah   fuck a fake smile smile fuck a fake smile fake smile   if i'm hurt i ain't gon' lie about it arms crossed with the attitude lips pouted if i'm mad i ain't gon' lie about it neck roll with the attitude yuh if i'm hurt i ain't gon' lie about it arms crossed with the attitude lips pouted if i'm mad i ain't gon' lie about it neck roll with the attitude yuh  pre i can't fake another smile and i can't fake i can't fake like i'm alright another smile woo ah woo ah ooh and i won't say i'm feeling fine i'm feeling fine after what i been through i can't lie woo ah woo ah   fuck a fake smile smile fuck a fake smile fake smile yeah,invalid - others
it's like you got superpowers turn my minutes into hours you got more than 00 babe made of glass the way you see through me you know me better than i do can't seem to keep nothing from you how you touch my soul from the outside permeate my ego and my pride   i wanna love me ooh the way that you love me ooh ooh for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too i'd love to see me from your point of view i wanna trust me trust me the way that you trust me trust me ooh 'cause nobody ever loved me like you do i'd love to see me from your point of view   i'm gеtting used to receiving still gеtting good at not leaving i'ma love you even though i'm scared oh scared learnin' to be grateful for myself oh oh oh you love my lips 'cause they say the things we've always been afraid of i can feel it startin' to subside learnin' to believe in what is mine   i wanna love me ooh the way that you love me ooh ooh for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too i'd love to see me from your point of view i wanna trust me trust me the way that you trust me trust me ooh 'cause nobody ever loved me like you do i'd love to see me from your point of view   i couldn't believe it or see it for myself know i be impatient but now i'm out here fallin' fallin' frozen slowly thawing got me right i won't keep you waitin' waitin' all my baggage fadin' safely my baggage fadin' and if my eyes deceive me won't let them stray too far away   i wanna love me ooh the way that you love me ooh ooh for all of my pretty and all of my ugly too i'd love to see me from your point of view i wanna trust me ooh trust me the way that you trust me baby trust me 'cause nobody ever loved me like you do i'd love to see me from your point of view oh yeah,invalid - others
hmm   you might think i'm crazy the way i've been cravin' if i put it quite plainly just gimme them babies so what you doin' tonight better say doin' you right yeah watchin' movies but we ain't seen a thing tonight yeah  pre i don't wanna keep you up you up but show me can you keep it up it up 'cause then i'll have to keep you up shit maybe i'ma keep you up boy i've been drinkin' coffee i've been drinkin' coffee coffee and i've been eatin' healthy i've been eatin' healthy healthy you know i keep it squeaky yeah you know i keep it squeaky savin' up my energy yeah yeah savin' up my energy   can you stay up all night fuck me 'til the daylight thirtyfour thirtyfive yeah yeah yeah yeah can you stay up all night all night fuck mе 'til the daylight thirtyfour thirtyfive yeah yеah yeah yeah   you drink it just like water water you say it tastes like candy so what you doin' tonight tonight better say doin' you right alright watchin' movies but we ain't seen a thing tonight yeah  pre i don't wanna keep you up you up but show me can you keep it up it up 'cause then i'll have to keep you up shit maybe i'ma keep you up boy i've been drinkin' coffee said i've been drinkin' coffee coffee and i've been eatin' healthy and i've been eatin' healthy healthy you know i keep it squeaky yeah except this wine babe savin' up my energy yeah yeah yeah   can you stay up all night all night fuck me 'til the daylight daylight thirtyfour thirtyfive thirtyfive yeah yeah yeah yeah can you stay up all night can you stay fuck me 'til the daylight can you stay thirtyfour thirtyfive yeah yeah yeah yeah   oh yeah yeah baby you might need a seatbelt when i ride it i'ma leave it open like a door come inside it even though i'm wifey you can hit it like a side chick don't need no side dick no got the neighbors yellin' earthquake earthquake 45 when i make the bed shake put it down heavy even though it's lightweight it's lightweight yeah yeah yeah babe yeah we started at midnight go 'til the sunrise sunrise done at the same time yeah but who's counting the time when we got it for life got it for life i know all your favorite spots favorite spots we can take it from the top from the top you such a dream come true true make a bitch wanna hit snooze ooh   can you stay up all night fuck me 'til the daylight yeah yeah thirtyfour thirtyfive yeah yeah yeah yeah thirtyfour thirtyfive can you stay up all night do you know what that means fuck me 'til the daylight do you know what that means thirtyfour thirtyfive yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah   means i wanna 69 with you no shit math class never was good,invalid - others
you walked in caught my attention i've never seen a man with so much dimension  pre it's the way you walk the way you talk the way you make me feel inside it's in your smile it's in your eyes i don't wanna wait for tonight   so i'm daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you got me daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you  post fofor you oh oh oh for you oh oh oh for you oh oh oh for you oh oh   now i can't wait to hold you in my arms i know i was made for you i'm in love with all your charm  pre it's the way you walk the way you talk the way you make me feel inside it's in your smile it's in your eyes i don't wanna wait for tonight   so i'm daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you got me daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you   oh i want ya gotta have ya and i need you like i've never had lovin' before oh i want ya ou i need you gotta have ya like i've never had lovin' before   so i'm daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you got me daydreamin' with my chin in the palm of my hands about you you and only you  post fofor you oh oh oh for you oh oh oh for you oh oh oh for you oh oh   marjorie grande  frank grande he was a mans man and a ladies man 8 9 i began to become more serious about things in life oh i think when i was standing on that stoop and i looked at him yeah i was  years old,invalid - others
it ain't even cold outside not where i'm from feeling like it's midjuly under the sun my jacket don't get no love no hats and no gloves not even a chance to rain but my baby's in town and we're gonna do some winter things   hey yo i wanna pretend we're at the north pole turning the heat into an ice cold holiday made just for me and my baby oohoohoohooh oohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohooh my baby's in town and we're gonna do some winter things hey   take me to the iceskating rink downtown no no no downtown even though it's 00 degrees gotta get out ain't no ice or no chills no snowmen to build most of our friends at the beach but my baby's in town and we're gonna do some winter things   hey yo i wanna pretend we're at the north pole turning the heat into an ice cold holiday made just for me and my baby oohoohoohooh oohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohooh my baby's in town and we're gonna do some winter things hey   just imagine that we're laughing in the cabin chilling by the fireside even though this sun is blasting we can be wherever if we visualize   hey yo i wanna pretend we're at the north pole turning the heat into an ice cold holiday made just for me and my baby oohoohoohooh oohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohoohooh my baby's in town and we're gonna do some winter things hey,invalid - others
i hate that i remember i wish i could forget what you did last december you left my heart a mess boy you blew it how could you do it do it oh yeah it's the rascals   last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special   thought we belong together at least that's what you said i should have known better you broke my heart again boy you blew it how could you do it do it oh yeah   last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special   how could you leave christmas morning you broke my heart with no warning boy you blew it how could you do it do it oh yeah   last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special   this is our last last christmas you broke my heart last last christmas you broke my heart this year to save me from tears i'll give it to someone special i hate that i remember i wish i could forget what you did last december you left my heart a mess you blew it you do it do it,invalid - others
dear santa it's me ariana i know it's been awhile but i really need your help this year let me make this clear see i i really love him and it's been kinda tough cause he's only in town for the holidays tomorrow he's flying away away from me  pre i don't need another gift i just have one wish this year can you   just make it snow in california i'll even settle for rain don't want him to go tomorrow morning give me something to make him stay wrapped in his arms by the fireplace will be the perfect gift let it snow let it snow let it snow let it snow in california   dear santa what happened to the plan we had i checked the news and it said it'd be a sunny day make it go away see i i really need him to stay for a couple more days can't you make his five o'clock flight delay won't you find a way  pre i don't need another gift i just have one wish oh yeah this year can you   just make it snow in california i'll even settle for rain don't want him to go tomorrow morning give me something to make him stay wrapped in his arms by the fireplace will be the perfect gift let it snow let it snow let it snow let it snow in california   i know i'm asking for the impossible but i believe in miracles i need my baby right here with me so please please   just make it snow in california i'll even settle for rain don't want him to go tomorrow morning give me something to make him stay wrapped in his arms by the fireplace will be the perfect gift let it snow let it snow let it snow let it snow in california,invalid - others
Why is there an NYC black ppl movement of hate against Asians eg pushing that lady into the subway killing her and this monkey business? Asians are low key don't really bother anybody imo. Is it bc ghetto blacks are so easy to be manipulated as a community?,invalid - harassment
They were mad at their fave light skinned leading man for acting like a nigger. They applauded the dark skinned man for acting out of character and being a good house negro with perfect civility and pacificism.,invalid - harassment
uggggghhhh can't remember my faggot nigger password or someone changed it as they have before so it's all fuvkn retTd faggot and im too busy to play bitch faggot so I can get out this pig retard hell,invalid - harassment
I remember a couple years back some negres ape whore rapper came here to do some show and she was later complaining on interview about how she got the worst treatment from local ethiopian females,invalid - harassment
I hate black people. I hate yellow people. I hate brown people.  YOU ARE AN IDIOT WHO SUMS UP YOUR ENTIRE UNIQUE HUMAN EXISTENCE UNDER A FUCKING COLOR BECAUSE OF SOME RETARDS IN THE PAST,invalid - harassment
Because white people are incapable of looking beyond their lens of perception and so they over compensate by doing whatever the hell they want to try and not look as stupid as they are.,invalid - harassment
We don’t. Schizo posters do. And they have nothing else going on in life so seem to be a significant minority on here. They will burn in hell. And have miserable lives before they do.,invalid - harassment
Boycott Adidas after that ATROCIOUS television ad promoting cheating girls sports (via supporting tranny men infiltrating girl's sports)  Disgusting.  Virtue signaling morons,invalid - harassment
did he just tell me to shut the fuck up‚ yo this man is getting on my nerves if i get fired it'll be because I'll punch his ugly ass face and kill this motherfucker,invalid - harassment
Oh now he ain't Muslim or Arab ? You don't even want to claim your own people. But I get ain't nobody want to claim no dirty ass towelhead terrorist anyway,invalid - harassment
Oh now he ain't Muslim or Arab ? You don't even want to claim your own people. But I get ain't nobody want to claim no dirty ass towelhead terrorist anyway,invalid - harassment
no one of you dirty ass Muslim gives a fuck and in a country of 1B+ people something happens to Muslims y'all start saying shit stop this hypocrisy 1st,invalid - harassment
bend them over and paddle them and make them kiss the feet of their punisher or maybe drink pee or something.  Good ethical way to reduce nigger crime.,invalid - harassment
wen doge talks like a retard its funny  wen the rest of you posers mimic him and talk like a retard i hope you know how much of a faggot you look like,invalid - harassment
I played this game for 6 years and when I respond negative to a troll rude child I get 3 days ban? Hey fuck you faggot RL WINK CUCK ASS GAME WINK,invalid - harassment
Im not coming back here so bullshit all you like. I feel really depressed. Thanks to these retards for doing nothing for me but ruining my life.,invalid - harassment
white trash with reactor stfu loser ure obvious stupid garbage keep pretending like im playing against some chinese faggot ure literal garbage,invalid - harassment
I'd say it's more likely than only 14% **haven't** been accused of sexually abusing children. The catholic church is a criminal organization.,invalid - harassment
alws the dumb ass muslims without the brains. She the one really stooping this fucking low over kpop get a fucking job dirty ass motherfucker,invalid - harassment
"i get the meme im a fuckboy no one wanted to see just like you im making the same choices a childmolesting nigger did isnt that amazing ? no,invalid - harassment
Typical shill faggotry. I wouldn't be surprised if all of these trash posts were written by a brain in a vat being fed HRT around the clock.,invalid - harassment
There are a lot of reasons to be anti porn but the best one is that you're all a bunch of sexless faggots who need to get laid and log off.,invalid - harassment
Assault for sure. Will is not good man he's an ignorant asshole!!  Who can't except his wife an open whore and the jokes about her alopecia,invalid - harassment
The term monkey is used exclusively on black people as a racial slur and a black guy chose to use that on someone else. Brilliant choice.,invalid - harassment
The fat kike kept his totally not fake konzenktrakzion kamp pijamas that were designed for fatsos despite kikes complaining they starved,invalid - harassment
I'm gonna make (you) breed with her in a contained environment until you kill her and then I'm gonna lock you in a cell with her corpse.,invalid - harassment
The Catholic Church will go down in history as the largest organization of child molester enablers and protectors in modern history.,invalid - harassment
aint no way you gonna catch me being a stan i aint no faggot + i curb stomped your dog + youre just revenue for the freaks you stan,invalid - harassment
"Both of these opinions are reddit as fuck. ""I'm a thermodynamic miracle"" what the fuck does that even mean? KILL YOURSELF NOW.",invalid - harassment
I hope this moron dies. I can understand CCC ignorance but this retard doesn't even begin to comprehend how much he doesn't know.,invalid - harassment
What you dont want to understand is the US is a country made by satanists and kikes for satanists and kikes. You are just guests.,invalid - harassment
So ya'll are having raw sex with niggers who can't afford to buy morning afters ?   Aren't ya'll scared of AIDS? STI's wona ?,invalid - harassment
Get fucked leaf. The white man marches on. Looking at these two absolute units taking on the nigger horde. Seethe cope dilate,invalid - harassment
then she talks to a faggot who is a race about how mad she is about not all being in a band fucking fuckboy homo bitch shit,invalid - harassment
Scumbag thing to do posting animal cruelty videos by the scumbag chink regime without first posting a warning. Both vermin,invalid - harassment
She has no fucking tits. She's obviously compensating for that by trying to be a man. This is not a woman to be admired.,invalid - harassment
Regardless just because mark ((zuckerberg)) is mentally retarded and wears t shirts all day doesn’t mean it looks good.,invalid - harassment
I don't think you have to read a book to see that tranny's sure go after children too much. And fuck those muslims too,invalid - harassment
"At least Jews can get some new sex slaves as a big thank you for supporing Azov and the other white ""nationalists""",invalid - harassment
who the literal fuck are these faggot ass lame looking bands it’s not like I go around memorizing what bands look liek,invalid - harassment
kick the fuckn box seriously im fuckn irritated by faggots with no gang mass all barking like whores crying for food.,invalid - harassment
Why don't you turds just make a gay school with all the tranny sports you want and leave our families the fuck alone.,invalid - harassment
If you are following that retard willingly then you have a problem. I honestly believe that guy is mentally retarded.,invalid - harassment
Why does anyone listen to that retard? He's clearly just a carnival barker negro that sounds good to the uneducated.,invalid - harassment
I read this book because some dumb nigger on here told me this quote was in the book. It’s not. You’re also a nigger,invalid - harassment
America has been systematically killing European culture and replacing it's population with shitskins for decades.,invalid - harassment
very glad this nigger has been exposed so i can finally say what we are all thinking.   this motherfucker is UGLY,invalid - harassment
I was friends with one as a kid and he tried to molest me. Have you ever tried to get out of a downsyndrome grip?,invalid - harassment
Roasties are about to learn that protesting doesn't work if you're going against the wishes of the establishment.,invalid - harassment
They literally want every White male a neutered tranny and every White female breeding with non human africans.,invalid - harassment
I'm absolutely sick of hearing about this tranny stuff. Penis male Vagina female end of shut up with the bull.,invalid - harassment
god damn bitch is slow. hurry up with the fuckn slides like im the same faggot trained on these retard devices,invalid - harassment
Peaceful Muslim posted: shame on you and shame on your dirty openion .... islam is a religion of terrorism....,invalid - harassment
Imagine Will being put in jail for beating up that fagg0t jimmy fallon I would be both euphoric and depressed,invalid - harassment
This is what Kike shilling looks like. Ryan has done more to redpill people than any of you faggots combined.,invalid - harassment
"Why do male to female tranny's always look like absolute weirdos?   That's besides the point. You're a man,invalid - harassment
donating blood is kinda gay like what r u donating blood for? to help some tranny power their boner? whore,invalid - harassment
Go back to ylifoorumi you literal subhuman snownigger nobody wants to read your faggy broken english here.,invalid - harassment
Dana is a gay faggot prick Laurence is a bastard midget fight the police CLEpolice they are following me,invalid - harassment
They trust those fucking Dogg face whore dead bitches no life no direction. Just a dead Dogg face whore,invalid - harassment
Being American means being trapped in a Jewish experiment to see how quickly niggers destroy everything,invalid - harassment
Most of the women are unfaithful and at some point you'll have to deal with a unfaithful woman too ...,invalid - harassment
Camila Whoever is a ugly bitch please stop putting her on my tl its giving colonizer's the dirty whore,invalid - harassment
when will you finish raising topics about different faggots. you have so many problems in your country,invalid - harassment
"putting this here cause i dont want that ugly double chinned motherfucker be the end of this comment,invalid - harassment
faggot privilege of being able to say 'omg you're so pretty' to females without it being super creepy,invalid - harassment
From top to bottom most of the judges are corrupt. Top judges are filthy whores of towelhead muslims.,invalid - harassment
your stupid fucking faggot boomer parents who were low iq retards wanted to hire cheap high iq labour,invalid - harassment
black faggots love they role remember black man stop forgetting faggot yu fag got known house niggas,invalid - harassment
"you looked like this ugly rat motherfucker it didn't work because you are an ugly rat piece of shit,invalid - harassment
Before you shoot your shot kill yourself first and remember that men will embarazzzzzz you!!!!!!!!!,invalid - harassment
Genuinely glad zoomies with their curly hair and fagginess are replacing subhuman criminal mindset.,invalid - harassment
You dirty ugly bastard.  Have you noticed 99.5% of all paedophiles are black and uglier than pigs.,invalid - harassment
why the fuck would you care what happens in this shithole memefaggot. FUCK NIGGERS AND FUCK KIKKES,invalid - harassment
In reality neither Christians nor Muslims want anything to do with filthy kikes and they know it.,invalid - harassment
You hehe haha niggers on this app r so weird. I'm up here thinking where tf his Black friends at?,invalid - harassment
You faggots aren't going to get a girl with your little online messages at all. Shut the fuck up.,invalid - harassment
Those dramatic Jewish Nazi larper faggots definitely deserve death now for wasting our attention.,invalid - harassment
kike mad he can't create or understand something greater than himself. stay retarded neanderthal,invalid - harassment
fuck shills. May they be infested with the flees of a thousand camels and die of genital herpes,invalid - harassment
Someone explain how being a tranny isn't mental illness cos mental hospitals looking full soon,invalid - harassment
these are the exact same people that pushed for using capital B for niggers in globohomo media,invalid - harassment
Yeah the dirty black black monkey tree climbing banana collecting cotton picking massa having,invalid - harassment
Angel Of Death YouTube     Just for you Bitch. Awesome song! Your faggot should listen also.,invalid - harassment
You're the retards forcing it onto other people. Muslims should be kicked out of the country,invalid - harassment
no wonder russia is such a shithole if this is the average level of inteligense of a russian,invalid - harassment
"Are conservatives/South the most retarded and useless group in America ranking below Negros,invalid - harassment
she aged like a mummy and her attitude stink like a zombie walk that nigger walk to freedom,invalid - harassment
"what does it say about yourself when someone would rather hang out with a junkie than you,invalid - harassment
"Oh my god I am absolutely dead. That interview is all you need to know about r/antiwork,invalid - harassment
Why is the white woman telling him to stop so badly. She also needed a smack to the face,invalid - harassment
"Tranny's and faggots gotta stop identifying as a woman on Tinder I'm not tryna see that,invalid - harassment
If you're a butt ugly tranny or sissy you can keep it moving. The world doesn't want you,invalid - harassment
Who gives a shit there are adult shitskins in the UK doing worse crimes every single day,invalid - harassment
they kill white children. then they let themselves get raped by shitskin monkey niggers.,invalid - harassment
black culture in the US is horrible and is never looked at or blamed for their behavior,invalid - harassment
all these dirty muslims are celebrating in the streets and it's because they hate jews,invalid - harassment
Lesser Jew thinking he could get away with barking at Greater Jews is comical as fuck.,invalid - harassment
WW2 made entire generations of men be raised by stupid fearful cowardly whorish women.,invalid - harassment
14%? I refuse to believe such a low number of Catholic abusers exists in New Zealand.,invalid - harassment
Get Saudi Arabia on the phone and tell that ugly towelhead to pump us some oil dammit,invalid - harassment
Czech is fucked as well. Sold out the whole country. Arabs n nigs inc. Mark my words.,invalid - harassment
You are cringe you fucking transgender vegan liberal snowflake twitter pronoun faggot,invalid - harassment
"For the record this faggot bastard paid people to lock my mother outside the estate,invalid - harassment
"A whore who wears no underwear under skirts/dresses so it's easier to get fucked in,invalid - harassment
I am not committing vehicular manslaughter at your mum's house it feels good  faggot,invalid - harassment
You're all fucking gay. You're all fucking gay. Faggot. Fuck muslims and fuck blacks,invalid - harassment
saw a vid of vettel on a gay pride bike with ukraine arm bands what an actual faggot,invalid - harassment
Womens pockets are small!! I wonder why? Perhaps big tranny hands don't fit in them,invalid - harassment
So How based would it be to euthanize schizophrenics and other mentally ill people?,invalid - harassment
Largest pedophile organization in the world.  Why would this data surprise anyone?,invalid - harassment
You have less brain cells than a decomposed mushroom. Die a slow and painful death,invalid - harassment
Really really wish that we had some better option. Hang these ridiculous retards .,invalid - harassment
"imagine being a cuntservatoid. dave rubin sucks because he's a jewish supremacist,invalid - harassment
Chink hung themselves because they couldn’t leave their apartments for a few weeks,invalid - harassment
Why do Asians think there so smart?!?!? Go back to china you dog-eating chinks!!!,invalid - harassment
Banned for telling male tranny's they aren't women. Twitter bans are mild though.,invalid - harassment
If ishowspeed stopped being a complete black retard he would become lame as fuck!,invalid - harassment
"""doing art and cosplay"" haha why don't u just write ""i'm a retarded faggot""",invalid - harassment
This is why racism still exist. They bring it on themselves acting like animals.,invalid - harassment
fox news explicitly targeted an autistic retarded gig worker trans woman amazing,invalid - harassment
"People like this autistic smooth-brain shouldn't be allowed to use their phones,invalid - harassment
Fucking dumb whores can't take a fucking joke. Pisses me off so bad man. Idiots.,invalid - harassment
You are retarded if you think Russia wouldn't have carpet bombed Ukraine anyways,invalid - harassment
It is true that men should have never given women the ability to fuck things up.,invalid - harassment
Im gonna save the nastiest white whore riddled with nigger stds and 10 abortions,invalid - harassment
I hope canada's officials have far less mercy on these terrorists than america.,invalid - harassment
This nigga is a fucking retard whore And I knew it Always trust your instincts!,invalid - harassment
A couple of men got a good idea once and then it was all ruin by women and jews,invalid - harassment
Anyone who doesnt think Russia should go brrr through jewkraine is a virgin fag,invalid - harassment
Scum of Europe. Muslim fifth along with Bosniaks. Act like niggers in general.,invalid - harassment
Saudi Arabia has tv? I thought they just watched public rapes for entertainment,invalid - harassment
The Irony of calling the Asian guy/girl a monkey is just too funny to be true.,invalid - harassment
Awwww thanks your a waste of valuable oxygen aswell you fucking human waste <3,invalid - harassment
"They could have just said ""Queen of the dirty savage West Indian monkeys"".",invalid - harassment
digging a hole takes work. you know damn well niggers aren't gonna do any work,invalid - harassment
how many bastard American children y'all got over in those desserts towelhead,invalid - harassment
"They could have just said ""Queen of the dirty savage West Indian monkeys""",invalid - harassment
It's always good when a faggot finds his true self and the man he must serve.,invalid - harassment
You're a faggot and you'll never be a woman. Your shits all gay and retarded.,invalid - harassment
Whites invented science and that's why they achieved so much you dumb nigger,invalid - harassment
American culture is centered around niggers. They have holidays for niggers.,invalid - harassment
Tell me you got raped in prison without telling me you got raped in prison.,invalid - harassment
Why does the news keep photoshooping his gigantic White mandingo bulge out?,invalid - harassment
You'd be more useful as a bullet sponge than whatever the fuck you do now.,invalid - harassment
"It's because they're sub 70 IQ savages that need to be exterminated quick,invalid - harassment
France will be alright if we keep the towelheads and blacks to a minimum,invalid - harassment
God is a whore for English.  English are faggots with chink's and Niggaz!,invalid - harassment
"this is officially a hate page for this ugly rude bitch ass motherfucker,invalid - harassment
"u are a bitch ass motherfucker u are ugly and u smell like fucking shit,invalid - harassment
Hoes be pressed when they see a Nigger not coming up off u booo you whore,invalid - harassment
*its like sleeping beauty but instead of sleeping beauty its dead faggot*,invalid - harassment
The fuck are you saying? Are you even human? Dirty towelhead muslim freak,invalid - harassment
Nigger why should i care if they let deaf faggots know what's being said?,invalid - harassment
A nigga just blocked me because I told him don't call me his love faggot,invalid - harassment
One day niggers will kill amerimutts on the street without repercussions,invalid - harassment
Why is it always black people? Do they just have a low IQ or something?,invalid - harassment
Hello everybody i am here to say that im a asian and a nigger ball sack,invalid - harassment
It's inappropriate but am glad I nolonger have such faggots in my life.,invalid - harassment
muslim towelhead apes pantomiming rich whites to promote diversity. KEK,invalid - harassment
"Guys guys i need to stress that this is the legacy of white supremacy,invalid - harassment
"Tell your friend she has an ugly 200-pound tumor attached to her lips,invalid - harassment
Holy shit! OP is a super dooper dick sucking pussy punk bitch faggot!!,invalid - harassment
"The lack of self awareness of that dude calling an Asian ""monkey""",invalid - harassment
" black man up there dancing like a fucking monkey ??? It's hilarious,invalid - harassment
IT WASNT ME (future heads up) MWHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAH fuck you faggots.,invalid - harassment
If they were fighting for their country theyd kill the jews in charge,invalid - harassment
LOL at this retard yelling out 'michael jordan' and 'kim kardashian',invalid - harassment
Until he learns that he hails from towelhead country full of rapists,invalid - harassment
"How the fuck do you settle on that number? The female brain at work,invalid - harassment
Now btw you guys are completely cucked by muslim desert goatfuckers.,invalid - harassment
"They really chose the biggest retard to represent them on the news,invalid - harassment
Europeans will call America racist while actively lynching a gypsie,invalid - harassment
The female is even more disgusting than the male of the photograph.,invalid - harassment
tell that to the premature bBybyou fuccin soicc nigger mitherfucker,invalid - harassment
"Your father had a dinosaur.  Your mother gave up hers to raise you,invalid - harassment
bitch get back in the kitchen and cook the fuck out of some dinner,invalid - harassment
shut the fuck up faggot I'm listening to famous prophets nightcore,invalid - harassment
shouldn't you be busy raising daughters to be gang raped by pakis?,invalid - harassment
"were not very smart. I still call a native American ""Indian """,invalid - harassment
He should have hit the blonde bitch too just for being annoying!!,invalid - harassment
People like this deserve to thrown into a grinder and slaughtered,invalid - harassment
Nigger eager to play music during sex...but cum before the chorus,invalid - harassment
"What a slimy little weasel you have to be to be afraid of tweets,invalid - harassment
Throw the Faggit out to bleed on the sidewalk and lock the doors.,invalid - harassment
fuck you nigger this is the most important jewish lie of all time,invalid - harassment
"So many retards falling for yet another fake tweet. Jesus christ,invalid - harassment
Muslim areas are the most pathetic and dirty areas of any city .,invalid - harassment
"don't believe a word that comes out of the black monkeys mouths,invalid - harassment
Fuck every single one of them ding dong towelhead motherfuckers.,invalid - harassment
"I love seeing people with shit takes on Twitter live their life,invalid - harassment
So I'm talking to my friend and this nigger won't leave me alone,invalid - harassment
u suck only retards watch ur gay shit bozo+mid+L youtuber #dream,invalid - harassment
Pic related its you and nobody is going to miss you when you KYS,invalid - harassment
We are invaded by south american muslim creatures please save us,invalid - harassment
She’s such a dumb bitch. Women shouldn’t be leaders of countries,invalid - harassment
They are indigenous people bring out the water cannons already.,invalid - harassment
"Idk why but I strongly dislike that fat whore. She's not funny,invalid - harassment
I am doing your mum sorry can't say where it feels good  faggot,invalid - harassment
you will never be the joker you ugly corny white discord whore!,invalid - harassment
Totally off topic but I always thought she looked like a tranny,invalid - harassment
Retards probably dont wash their hands properly after shitting.,invalid - harassment
I'm torn between my desire to see both trannies and women hurt.,invalid - harassment
And he gonna get pissed when some white dude call him a niqqua,invalid - harassment
If I tell him who looks like a monkey I'll probably get banned,invalid - harassment
It is kind of fun to cheer people beating on women these days.,invalid - harassment
dangerous violent facial features ofc he is a chinky dog-eater,invalid - harassment
And you are mentally ill because you are tranny Simple as that,invalid - harassment
PUT ON SOME PANTS YOU WHORES DONT JUST LET YOUR PUSSY HANG OUT,invalid - harassment
can't wait to shove my dick down your throat against your will,invalid - harassment
China is a literal craphole. Their leader molests Care Bears.,invalid - harassment
Breaking news: Human trash act like human trash. More at nine,invalid - harassment
guy 100 percent jerks off to black women (or more likely men),invalid - harassment
I don’t think you realize how many niggers will be migrating.,invalid - harassment
And you are just a faggot who got molested at five years old.,invalid - harassment
Is their anyone in his 'black America' that they don't hate?,invalid - harassment
Another Dirty filthy Rapist Muslim Pig Uber Driver in London,invalid - harassment
"I'm so sick of seeing these down-syndrome fucks in this sub,invalid - harassment
Your biopic is literally an evil murderous perverted Tranny.,invalid - harassment
"Yep and always had them as a kid. That was the old grooming,invalid - harassment
stupid worthless cheating white faggot trash in sc whats new,invalid - harassment
"Find some new heroes that aren't artificial ass politicians,invalid - harassment
A disloyal ass nigga jus lik a rat or a faggot to me fuck em,invalid - harassment
I am doing your mum at your dad's house :)  faggot get raped,invalid - harassment
"What if a white dude was calling him a ""fuckin' monkey""",invalid - harassment
The church exists for the sole purpose of raping your kids.,invalid - harassment
"Muslims kill babies with rocks because 'God told them too',invalid - harassment
I need to kill jews regardless what niggercrats have to say,invalid - harassment
"Goddamn I hate you fucking reddit faggots go kill yourself,invalid - harassment
This is the equivalent of me calling someone else a bomber,invalid - harassment
"Dawg u know what this is fool ramen eating fuckin faggots,invalid - harassment
Spoken like a true faggot who doesn't know any Ukrainians.,invalid - harassment
Why are people your age complete faggots about EVERYTHING?,invalid - harassment
Is he not already lobotomized? Niggers a brain dead faggot,invalid - harassment
Exactly the type of incel pussies I'd expect to see there,invalid - harassment
"keep getting my accs banned because i like saying faggot,invalid - harassment
Soon you will add literal Negroes to the “whyte” category,invalid - harassment
Dunk this whore in ice. Sick of illegals in this country,invalid - harassment
fousey you're a faggot. Sad to see what you have become.,invalid - harassment
KILL YOURSELF: there's not enough room for the two of us,invalid - harassment
Which is why you are a dickless faggot communist my dude,invalid - harassment
Attack the fucking jews that put them out if you're mad.,invalid - harassment
Did this racist black man just call an Asian a monkey??,invalid - harassment
This only happens in the fucking hood. Fucking animals.,invalid - harassment
Fuck that ugly white crackhead looking ass motherfucker,invalid - harassment
Honestly like the faggots have ur back more than Israel,invalid - harassment
i mean this with every atom in your body KILL YOURSELF.,invalid - harassment
"So a tranny is more of a man than you heckling faggots,invalid - harassment
headed by a jewphile who might actually be one himself.,invalid - harassment
why are so many jannies also rapists? very interesting,invalid - harassment
WHAT HAPPENS! The whores of the Jews do not answer me?,invalid - harassment
"took a lot of self restraint to not call him a nigger,invalid - harassment
"Good get lost. Let them start their own tranny league,invalid - harassment
Why are we even having it in China. Aren't they cunts,invalid - harassment
Should've killed them both. That was his only mistake,invalid - harassment
Some of these niggers are so fucking stupid its scary,invalid - harassment
Much butter than whatever towelhead country you're in,invalid - harassment
That photo of her makes her look like a dirty Tranny.,invalid - harassment
"I hate niggers. Also yes you should have food stores,invalid - harassment
"Too high chance of getting lynched by fellow niggers,invalid - harassment
